  I wish that I could fly Into the sky So very high Just like a dragonfly I'd fly above the trees Over the seas in all degrees To anywhere I please Oh I want to get away I want to fly away Yeah yeah yeah I want to get away I want to fly away Yeah yeah yeah Let's go and see the stars The milky way or even Mars Where it could just be ours Let's fade into the sun Let your spirit fly Where we are one Just for a little fun Oh oh oh yeah! I want to get away I want to fly away Yeah yeah yeah I want to get away I want to fly away Yeah yeah yeah I got to get away Feel I got to get away Oh oh oh yeah I want to get away I want to fly away Yeah, yeah, yeah (oh yeah) I want to get away I want to fly away Yeah with you yeah yeah I got to get away I want to get away I want to get away I want to get away I want to get away, yeah I want to get away I want to fly away Yeah with you yeah yeah I got to get away I want to get away I want to get away I want to get away I want to get away (yeah) I want to get away I want to fly away Yeah with you yeah yeah Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah 
  Someday when my life has passed me by I'll lay around and wonder why you were always there for me One way, in the eyes of a passer by I'll look around for another try and fade away Just close your eyes and I'll take you there This place is warm and without a care We'll take a swim in the deep blue sea I go to leave and you reach for me Some say better things will come our way No matter what they try to say you were always there for me Some way, when the sun begins to shine I hear a song from another time and fade away And fade away Just close your eyes and I'll take you there This place is warm and without a care We'll take a swim in the deep blue sea I go to leave and you reach for me Oh, come on Someone said you tried to long (you will pass me by) Someone said we got it all wrong (all wrong) Someone said we tried to long (you will pass me by) Every thinks were right belong So far so long so far away So far so wrong so far away away away Someday when my life has passed me by I'll lay around and wonder why you were always there for me One way, in the eyes of a passer by I'll look around for another try and fade away And fade away And fade away And fade away And fade away And fade away And fade away And fade away And fade away And fade away 
  Lately (I've been watching you) Been thinkin' 'bout you baby (and everything you do) Just sittin' away watching the days go by Just sittin' away watching the days go by Have you ever felt a breeze hit hard, Like the wind was blowing it apart As you're spinning like a merry-go-round, Indications of a storm touching down Wish that I can wear the rain and storm, But I guess it was heart break from the norm Was a day I will always remember, The saddest day in sweet November Lately (I've been watching you) been thinkin' 'bout you baby (And everything you do) Just sittin' away watching the days go by (2x) Baby I'm on my knees praying God help me please, Bring my baby back, right back to me If lovin' you was right then I don't want to go wrong So I drown myself with tears, Sittin' here, singin' another sad love song Lately (I've been watching you) been thinkin 'bout you baby (And everything you do) Just sittin' away watching the days go by Just sittin' away watching the days go by Lately I've been torn apart, I wish you hadn't broke my heart I'm missin' you babe, Missin' you every day Lately I've been torn apart, I wish you hadn't broke my heart I'm missin' you babe, Missin' you every day Lately (i've been watching you) been thinkin 'bout you baby (And everything you do) Just sittin away watching the days go by Just sittin away watching the days go by 
  I've known a few guys who thought they were pretty smart But you've got being right down to an art You think you're a genius-you drive me up the wall You're a regular original, a know-it-all Oh-oo-oh, you think you're special Oh-oo-oh, you think you're something else Okay, so you're a rocket scientist That don't impress me much So you got the brain but have you got the touch Don't get me wrong, yeah I think you're alright But that won't keep me warm in the middle of the night That don't impress me much I never knew a guy who carried a mirror in his pocket And a comb up his sleeve-just in case And all that extra hold gel in your hair oughta lock it 'Cause Heaven forbid it should fall outta place Oh-oo-oh, so you think you're something special Oh-oo-oh, you think you're something else Okay, so you're Brad Pitt That don't impress me much So you got the looks but have you got the touch Don't get me wrong, yeah I think you're alright But that won't keep me warm in the middle of the night That don't impress me much You're one of those guys who likes to shine his machine You make me take off my shoes before you let me get in I can't believe you kiss your car good night C'mon baby tell me-you must be jokin', right! Oh-oo-oh, so you think you're something special Oh-oo-oh, you think you're something else Okay, so you've got a car That don't impress me much So you got the moves but have you got the touch Don't get me wrong, yeah I think you're alright But that won't keep me warm in the middle of the night That don't impress me much You think you're cool but have you got the touch Don't get me wrong, yeah I think you're alright But that won't keep me warm on the long, cold, lonely night That don't impress me much Okay, so what do you think you're Elvis or something Whatever That don't impress me 
  
  Scar tissue that I wish you saw Sarcastic Mister know it all Close your eyes and I'll kiss you 'cause With the bird I'll share With the bird I'll share This lonely view With the bird I'll share This lonely view Push me up against the wall Young Kentucky girl in a push-up bra Fallin' all over myself To lick your heart and taste your health 'cause With the bird I'll share, this lonely view Blood loss in a bathroom stall Southern girl with a scarlet drawl Wave goodbye to ma and pa 'cause With the bird I'll share With the bird I'll share, this lonely view Soft spoken with a broken jaw Step outside but not to brawl Autumn's sweet we call it fall I'll make it to the moon if I have to crawl With the bird I'll share, this lonely view Scar tissue that I wish you saw Sarcastic Mister know it all Close your eyes and I'll kiss you 'cause With the bird I'll share With the bird I'll share, this lonely view 
  
  You look in my eyes And I get emotional inside I know it's crazy But you still can touch my heart And after all this time You'd think that I Wouldn't feel the same But time melts into nothing And nothing's changed I still believe Someday you and me Will find ourselves in love again I had a dream Someday you and me Will find ourselves in love again Each day of my life I'm filled with all the joy I could find You know that I I'm not the desperate type If there's one spark of hope Left in my grasp I'll hold it with both hands It's worth the risk of burning To have a second chance No, no, no, no, no, no I need you baby I still believe that we can be together, no no If we believe that true love never has to end Then we must know that we will love again. I still believe Someday you and me Will find ourselves in love again I had a dream You and me Will find ourselves in love again I still believe Someday you and me Will find ourselves in love again I had a dream Someday you and me Will find ourselves in love again 
  We both know that I shouldn't be here This is wrong and baby it's killing me, It's killing you Both of us trying to be strong I've got somewhere else to be, promises to keep Someone else who loves me and trusts me fast asleep I've made up my mind, there is no turning back She's been good to me and she deserves better than that It's the hardest thing I'll ever have to do To look you in the eye and tell you I don't love you It's the hardest thing I'll ever have to lie To show no emotion when you start to cry I can't let you see what you mean to me When my hands are tied and my heart's not free We're not meant to be It's the hardest thing I'll ever have to do To turn around and walk away pretending I don't love you I know we'll meet again, fate has a place and time So you can get on with your life, I've got to be cruel to be kind Like Dr. Zhivago, All my love I'll be sending and you will never know 'Cause there can be no happy ending It's the hardest thing I'll ever have to do To look you in the eye and tell you I don't love you It's the hardest thing I'll ever have to lie To show no emotion when you start to cry I can't let you see what you mean to me When my hands are tied and my heart's not free We're not meant to be It's the hardest thing I'll ever have to do To turn around and walk away pretending I don't love you Maybe another time, another day, as much as I want to, I can't stay I've made up my mind there is no turning back She's been good to me and she deserves better than that It's the hardest thing I'll ever have to do To look you in the eye and tell you I don't love you It's the hardest thing I'll ever have to lie To show no emotion when you start to cry I can't let you see what you mean to me When my hands are tied and my heart's not free We're not meant to be It's the hardest thing I'll ever have to do To turn around and walk away pretending I don't love you 
  Yeah, I like it when the girls Stop by in the summer Do you remember? Do you remember When we met, last summer? New Kids On The Block Had a bunch of hits Chinese food makes me sick And I think it's fly When girls stop by For the summer For the summer I like girls that Wear Abercrombie and Fitch I'd take her if I had one wish But she's been gone Since that summer Since that summer Hip-hop mama, spic 'n span Met you one summer And it all began You're the best girl That I ever did see The great Larry Byrd, jersey thirty-three When you take a sip You buzz like a hornet Billy Shakespeare wrote A whole bunch of sonnets Call me when you miss me 'Cause I can't speak baby Something in your eyes Really drove me crazy Now I can't forget you And it makes me mad You left one day And never came back Stayed all summer Then went back home Macualay Culkin wasn't home alone Fell deep in love but Now we ain't speaking Michael J. Fox was Alex P. Keaton When I met you I saw my name is Rich You look like a girl From Abercrombie and Fitch New Kids On The Block Had a bunch of hits Chinese food makes me sick And I think it's fly When girls stop by For the summer For the summer I like girls that Wear Abercrombie and Fitch I'd take her if I had one wish But she's been gone Since that summer Since that summer Cherry pants Coke Crushed rocks till I boogie Used to hate school So I had to play hookie Always been hip to the b ball style Known to act wild and Make a girl smile Love New Edition and the Candy Girl Remind me of you Because you rock my world You come from Georgia Where the peaches grow They drink lemonade And speak real slow You love hip-hop And rock 'n' roll Dad took off when You were four years old There was a good man Named Paul Revere I feel much better baby When you're near You love Fun Dip and Cherry Coke I like the way you laugh When I tell a joke When I met you I said my name is Rich You look like a girl From Abercrombie and Fitch New Kids On The Block Had a bunch of hits Chinese food makes me sick And I think it's fly When girls stop by For the summer For the summer I like girls that Wear Abercrombie and Fitch I'd take her if I had one wish But she's been gone Since that summer Since that summer In the summertime Girls got it goin' on Shake and wiggle to A hip-hop song Summertime girls Are the kind I like I'll steal your honey like I stole your bike Bugalute shrimp and pogo sticks My mind takes me back There oh-so quick Let you off the hook Like my man Mr. Limpit Think about that summer And I bug 'cause I miss it Like the color purple Macaroni and cheese Ruby-red slippers And a bunch of trees Call you up but what's the use? I like Kevin Bacon But I hate Footloose Came in the door I said it before Think I'm over you But I'm really not sure When I met you I said my name is Rich You look like a girl From Abercrombie & Fitch New Kids On The Block Had a bunch of hits Chinese food makes me sick And I think it's fly When girls stop by For the summer For the summer I like girls that Wear Abercrombie and Fitch I'd take her if I had one wish But she's been gone Since that summer Since that summer In the summer girls come And summer girls go Some are worthwhile And some are so-so Summer girls come And summer girls go Some are worthwhile And some are so-so Summertime girls Got it goin' on Shake and wiggle To a hip-hop song Summertime girls Are the kind I like I'll steal your honey Like I stole your bike New Kids On The Block Had a bunch of hits Chinese food makes me sick And I think it's fly When girls stop by For the summer For the summer I like girls that Wear Abercrombie and Fitch I'd take her if I had one wish But she's been gone Since that summer Since that summer 
  What? Well fuck you, bitch Bounce wit me, wit me, wit me wit me Can you bounce wit me, bounce wit me, wit me wit me Can you bounce wit me, bounce wit me, ge gi gi gi gi gi Can you bounce wit me, bounce wit me, ye ye yeah Uh-huh uh-huh bounce wit me, bounce wit me Can ya can ya can ya bounce wit me, bounce wit me Ya yah yah, ya ya yah yeah bounce wit me, bounce wit me Ge gi, ge gi gi gi geyeah bounce wit me, bounce wit me Get it! Can I hit in the mornin Without givin you half of my dough And even worse if I was broke would you want me? If I couldn't get you finer things Like all of them diamond rings bitches kill for Would you still roll? If we couldn't see the sun risin off the shore of thailand Would you ride then, if I wasn't drivin? If I wasn't ah, eight figure nigga by the name of jigga Would you come around me or would you clown me? If I couldn't flow futuristic would ya Put your two lips on my wood and kiss it, could ya See yourself with a nigga workin harder than nine to five Contend with six, two jobs to survive, or Do you need a balla? so you can shop and tear the mall up? Brag, tell your friends what I bought ya If you couldn't see yourself with a nigga when his dough is low Baby girl, if this is so, yo Can I get a fuck you To these bitches from all of my niggaz Who don't love hoes, they get no dough Can I get a woop woop To these niggaz from all of my bitches Who don't got love for niggaz without dubs? Can I get a fuck you To these bitches from all of my niggaz Who don't love hoes, they get no dough Can I get a woop woop To these niggaz from all of my bitches Who don't got love for niggaz without dubs? Now can you bounce wit me, uhh Bounce wit me, bounce wit me Can ya can ya can ya bounce wit me, bounce wit me Uh uh major coins, amil-lion Bounce wit me, bounce wit me Uhh, yo bounce wit me Can ya can ya can ya bounce wit me, bounce wit me Yeah, uh-uh uh uh You ain't gotta be rich but fuck that How we gonna get around your bus pass Fo' I put this pussy on your mustache Can you afford me, my niggaz breadwinners, never corny Ambition makes me, so horny Not the fussing and the fronting If you got nuttin, baby boy, you betta git up, git out and get somethin' shit! I like a, lot of p'rada, alize and vodka Late nights, candlelight, then I tear the cock up Get it up I put it down erytime it pop up, huh I got to snap em, let it loose, then I knock ya Feel the juice, then I got ya, when you produce a rocka I let you meet momma and introduce you to poppa My, coochie remains in a Gucci name Never test my patience nigga, I'm high maintenance High class, if you ain't rollin', bypass If you ain't holdin', I dash yo Can I get a fuck you To these bitches from all of my niggaz Who don't love hoes, they get no dough Can I get a woop woop To these niggaz from all of my bitches Who don't got love for niggaz without dubs? Can I get a fuck you To these bitches from all of my niggaz Who don't love hoes, they get no dough Can I get a woop woop To these niggaz from all of my bitches Who don't got love for niggaz without dubs? Now can you bounce for me, bounce for me Uhh Can ya can ya can ya bounce wit me, bounce wit me Uhh! Gi gi gi geyeah geyeah Can ya bounce wit me, bounce wit me Uhh! Gi gi gi gi can ya bounce wit me, bounce wit me Uhh! yeah It ain't even a question How my dough flows, I'm good to these bad hoes Like my bush wet and undry like damp clothes What y'all niggaz don't know, it's eazy, to pimp a hoe Bitches betta have my, money fo' sho' Before they go, runnin they mouth, promotin half I be dickin' they, back out, go 'head, let it out I fucks with my gat out, bounce and leave a hundred Making 'em feel, slutted even if they don't want it It's been so long Since I met a chick ain't on my tips but then I'm Dead wrong, when I tell em be gone So hold on to the feelin of flossin' and platinum Cause from now on, you can witness ja the I-con With hoodies and timbs on, cause I thugs my bitches Veve, studs my bitches, then we rob bitch niggaz I'm talkin bout straight figures if you here, you wit us If not boo, you know what, I still fucked you Can I get a fuck you To these bitches from all of my niggaz Who don't love hoes, they get no dough Can I get a woop woop To these niggaz from all of my bitches Who don't got love for niggaz without dubs? Can I get a fuck you To these bitches from all of my niggaz Who don't love hoes, they get no dough Can I get a woop woop To these niggaz from all of my bitches Who don't got love for niggaz without dubs? Now can you bounce wit me, bounce wit me Ge gi, ge gi gi gi bounce wit me, bounce wit me Wit me wit me wit me bounce wit me, bounce wit me Bounce, bitch, bounce wit me wit me wit me wit me Can ya bounce wit me wit me Ge gi, uh huh uh huh uh huh uh huh Uh huh uh huh uh huh uh huh uh huh uh huh uh Can ya bounce wit me bounce wit me Geyeah 
  I wish you would step back from that ledge my friend, You could cut ties with all the lies, that you've been living in, And if you do not want to see me again, I would understand. I would understand, The angry boy, a bit too insane, Icing over a secret pain, You know you don't belong, You're the first to fight, You're way too loud, You're the flash of light, On a burial shroud, I know something's wrong, Well everyone I know has got a reason, To say, put the past away, I wish you would step back from that ledge my friend, You could cut ties with all the lies, That you've been living in, And if you do not want to see me again, I would understand, I would understand. Well he's on the table, And he's gone to code, And I do not think anyone knows, What they are doing here, And your friends have left, You've been dismissed, I never thought it would come to this, And I, I want you to know, Everyone's got to face down the demons, Maybe today, We can put the past away, I wish you would step back from that ledge my friend, You could cut ties with all the lies, that you've been living in, And if you do not want to see me again, I would understand, I would understand, I would understand... Can you put the past away, I wish you would step back from that ledge my friend, I would understand 
  Yo, remember back on the boogie when cats used to harmonize like Yo, my men and my women Don't forget about the dean, sirat al-mustaqim Yo, it's about a thing If ya feel real good wave your hands in the air And lick two shots in the atmosphere! It's been three weeks since you were looking for your friend The one you let hit it and never called you again 'Member when he told you he was 'bout the Benjamins? You act like you ain't hear him, then give him a little trim To begin, how you think you're really gon' pretend Like you wasn't down and you called him again? Plus, when you give it up so easy you ain't even foolin' him If you did it then, then you'd probably fuck again Talking out your neck, sayin' you're a Christian A Muslim, sleeping with the gin Now that was the sin that did Jezebel in Who you gon' tell when the repercussions spin? Showing off your ass cause you're thinkin' it's a trend Girlfriend, let me break it down for you again You know I only say it cause I'm truly genuine Don't be a hard rock when you really are a gem Baby girl, respect is just a minimum Niggas fucked up and you still defending 'em Now, Lauryn is only human Don't think I haven't been through the same predicament Let it sit inside your head like a million women in Philly, Penn It's silly when girls sell their souls because it's in Look at where you be in, hair weaves like Europeans Fake nails done by Koreans Come again, come again, come again, my friend come again Guys you know you'd better watch out Some girls, some girls are only about That thing, that thing, that thing That thing, that thing, that thing The second verse is dedicated to the men More concerned with his rims and his Timbs than his women Him and his men, come in the club like hooligans Don't care who they offend, poppin' yang (Like you got yen!) Let's stop pretend, the ones that pack pistols by they waist men Cristal by the case men, still in they mother's basement The pretty face men claiming that they be the big men Need to take care of they three or four kids And they face a court case when the child support late Money taking and heart breaking, now you wonder why women hate men The sleepy, silent men The punk, domestic violence men Quick to shoot the semen, stop acting like boys and be men How you gonna win, when you ain't right within? How you gonna win, when you ain't right within? How you gonna win, when you ain't right within? Come again, come again, come again, come again Watch out, watch out Look out, look out Watch out, watch out Look out, look out Watch out, watch out Look out, look out Watch out, watch out Look out, look out Girls you know you'd better watch out Some guys, some guys are only about That thing, that thing, that thing That thing, that thing, that thing Guys you know you'd better watch out Some girls, some girls are only about That thing, that thing, that thing That thing, that thing, that thing Girls you know you'd better watch out Some guys, some guys are only about That thing, that thing, that thing 
  Ladies and gentleman, this is mambo number five One, two, three, four, five everybody in the car, so come on Let's ride to the liquor store around the corner The boys say they want some gin and juice But I really don't wanna, beer bust like I had last week I must stay deep because talk is cheap I like Angela, Pamela, Sandra and Rita And as I continue you know they are getting sweeter So what can I do I really beg you my Lord To me is flirting it's just like sport, anything fly It's all good let me dump it please set in the trumpet A little bit of Monica in my life, a little bit of Erica by my side A little bit of Rita is all I need, a little bit of Tina is what I see A little bit of Sandra in the sun, a little bit of Mary all night long A little bit of Jessica here I am, a little bit of you makes me your man Mambo number five Jump up and down and move it all around Shake your head to the sound, put your hand on the ground Take one step left and one step right One to the front and one to the side Clap your hand once and clap your hands twice And if it looks like this then you are doing it right A little bit of Monica in my life, a little bit of Erica by my side A little bit of Rita is all I need, a little bit of Tina is what I see A little bit of Sandra in the sun, a little bit of Mary all night long A little bit of Jessica here I am, a little bit of you makes me your man Trumpet, the trumpet Mambo number five A little bit of Monica in my life, a little bit of Erica by my side A little bit of Rita is all I need, a little bit of Tina is what I see A little bit of Sandra in the sun, a little bit of Mary all night long A little bit of Jessica here I am, a little bit of you makes me your man I do all, to fall in love with a girl like you 'Cause you can't run and you can't hide You and me gonna touch the sky Mambo number five 
  Sweet lady would you be my Sweet love for a lifetime I'll be there when you need me Just call and receive me, sweet lady Now any other day I would play it cool But I can't now cause I want you See I'm hooked on How you flex your style And I wanna talk for a little while I never really seen your type But I must admit that I kinda like So maybe if you have the time We could talk about you being my Sweet lady would you be my Sweet love for a lifetime I'll be there when you need me Just call and receive me Sweet lady would you be my Sweet love for a lifetime I'll be there when you need me Just call and receive me Now on the regular I would waste time but I don't want to Cause you're so damn fine And I heard that you were taken But that don't have to stop you from makin Late night phone calls on the telephone About your fantasies and ways to get it on When you need me I will be There for you my sweet lady Sweet lady would you be my Sweet love for a lifetime I'll be there when you need me Just call and receive me Sweet lady would you be my Sweet love for a lifetime I'll be there when you need me Just call and receive me Say you will be my baby Say you will be my lady I've got to have all your love So I wont even front Just say you'll give it to me Don't wanna hear the maybe's And I will give you all my heart If you say you'll be my baby Sweet lady would you be my Sweet love for a lifetime I'll be there when you need me Just call and receive me Sweet lady would you be my Sweet love for a lifetime I'll be there when you need me Just call and receive me Sweet lady would you be my Sweet love for a lifetime I'll be there when you need me Just call and receive me Sweet lady would you be my Be ,my sweet love for a lifetime I'll be there when you need me Just call and receive me, oh, sweet lady, would you be mine, oh, sweet lady, be mine 
  Friday night you and your boys went out to eat Then they hung out, but you came home around three If six of y'all went out Then four of you were really cheap 'Cause only two of you had dinner I found your credit card receipt It's not right but it's okay I'm gonna make it anyway Pack your bags up and leave And don't you dare come running back to me It's not right but it's okay I'm gonna make it anyway Close the door behind you leave your key I'd rather be alone than unhappy I pack your bags so you can leave town for a week (yes I am) The phone rings and then you look at me (Why'd you turn and look at me) You said it was one of your friends, down on 54th Street (boy) So why did 213 show up on your caller ID I've been through all this before So how could you think That I would stand around and take some more Things are gonna change 'Cause I won't be your fool anymore That's why you have to leave So don't turn around to see my face There's no more tears left here for you to see Was it really worth you going out like that See I'm moving on and I refuse to turn back See all of this time I thought I had somebody down for Whitney It turns out, you were making a fool of me It's not right, but it's okay I'm gonna make it anyway Pack your bags up and leave And don't you dare come running back to me It's not right, but it's okay I'm gonna make it anyway Close the door behind you leave your key I'd rather be alone than unhappy It's not right, but it's okay I'm gonna make it anyway Pack your bags up and leave And don't you dare come running back to me It's not right, but it's okay I'm gonna make it anyway Close the door behind you leave your key I'd rather be alone than unhappy It's not right, but it's okay I'm gonna make it anyway Pack your bags up and leave And don't you dare come running back to me It's not right, but it's okay I'm gonna make it anyway Close the door behind you leave your key I'd rather be alone than unhappy It's not right, but it's okay I'm gonna make it anyway Pack your bags up and leave And don't you dare come running back to me It's not right, but it's okay I'm gonna make it anyway Close the door behind you leave your key I'd rather be alone than unhappy It's not right, but it's okay I'm gonna make it anyway Pack your bags up and leave 
  Can this be true? Tell me, can this be real? How can I put into words what I feel? My life was complete I thought I was whole Why do I feel like I'm losing control? I never thought that love could feel like this And you've changed my world with just one kiss How can it be that right here with me There's an angel? It's a miracle Your love is like a river Peaceful and deep Your soul is like a secret That I never could keep When I look into your eyes I know that it's true God must have spent A little more time On you (A little more time, yes he did baby) In all of creation, all things great and small You are the one that surpasses them all More precious than any diamond or pearl They broke the mold when you came in this world And I'm trying hard to figure out Just how I ever did without The warmth of your smile The heart of a child That's deep inside Leaves me purified Your love is like a river Peaceful and deep Your soul is like a secret That I never could keep When I look into your eyes I know that it's true God must have spent A little more time On you (On you, on you, on you, you) (On you, on you, on you, you) (On you, on you, on you, you) (On you, on you, on you, you) Never thought that love could feel like this And you've changed my world with just one kiss How can it be that right here with me There's an angel? It's a miracle Your love is like a river Peaceful and deep Your soul is like a secret That I never could keep When I look into your eyes I know that it's true God must have spent A little more time On you (On you, on you, on you, you) God must have spent A little more time, on you (on you, on you, you, you, oh yeah) A little more time On you 
  She grew up with The children of the stars In the Hollywood Hills and the boulevard Her parents threw big parties Everyone was there They hung out with folks like Dennis Hopper, Bob Seeger, and Sonny and Cher she feels safe now in this bar on Fairfax And from the stage I can tell that She can't let go and she can't relax And just before she hangs her head to cry I sing to her a lullaby, I sing Everything's gonna be all right Rockabye, rockabye Everything's gonna be all right Rockabye, rockabye Rockabye She still lives with her mom Outside the city Down that street about a half a mile And all her friends tell her She's so pretty But she'd be a whole lot prettier If she smiled once in a while 'Cause even her smile Looks like a frown She's seen her share of devils In this angel town everything's gonna be all right Rockabye, rockabye Everything's gonna be all right Rockabye, rockabye Rockabye I told her I ain't so sure About this place It's hard to play a gig in this town And keep a straight face Seems like everybody's got a plan It's kind of like Nashville with a tan Everything's gonna be all right Rockabye, rockabye Everything's gonna be all right Rockabye, rockabye Everything's gonna be all right Rockabye, rockabye Everything's gonna be all right Rockabye, rockabye, Rockabye, bye, bye Bye, bye 
  Tell me it's real The feeling that we feel Tell me that it's real Don't let love come Just to pass us by Try, is all we have to do It's up to me and you To make this special love Last forever more Baby you told me that you love me and you'd never leave my side Through the bitter end through the thick and thin You promised me baby that you wasn't going anywhere, yes you did Baby keep it real let me know just how you feel Tell me it's real The feeling that we feel Tell me that it's real Don't let love come Just to pass us by Try, is all we have to do It's up to me and you To make this special love Last forever more I can't explain the way you make me feel Every time you tell me that you love me And you know you did so many times Just when i thought that love could never be a part of me That's when you came along And showed me happiness Baby you are the best I think you're different from the rest I really love you Tell me it's real The feeling that we feel Tell me that it's real Don't let love come Just to pass us by Try, is all we have to do It's up to me and you To make this special love Last forever more Tell me it's real This feeling that I feel Tell me it's real For your love I will do anything Tell me it's real The feeling that we feel Tell me that it's real Don't let love come Just to pass us by Try, is all we have to do It's up to me and you To make this special love Last forever more 
  It's nothing, it's so normal You just stand there I could say so much But I don't go there cuz I don't want to I was thinking if you were lonely Maybe we could leave here and no one would know At least not to the point that we would think so Everyone here, knows everyone here is thinking about Somebody else It's best if we all keep it under our heads I couldn't tell, if anyone here was feeling the way I do But I'm lonely now, and I don't know how To get it back to good This don't mean that, you own me This ain't no good, in fact it's phony as hell But things worked out just like you wanted too If you see me out you don't know me Try to turn your head, try to give me some room To figure out just what I'm going to do And everyone here, hates everyone here for doing Just like they do It's best if we all keep this quiet instead And I couldn't tell, why everyone here was doing me like They do But I'm sorry now, and I don't know how To get it back to good Everyone here, is wondering what it's like to be with Somebody else Everyone here's to blame, everyone here Gets caught up in the pleasure of the pain, everyone hides Shades of shame, but looking inside we're the same We're the same And we're all grown now, but we don't know how To get it back to good Everyone here, knows everyone here is thinking 'bout Somebody else It's best if we all keep this under our heads I couldn't tell, if anyone here was feeling the way I do But it's over now, and I don't know how, it's over now There's no getting back to good 
  [Blaque] (Natina): Oooh (yea yea yea yea) Oooh (yea yea yea yea) Oooh (yea yea yea yea) [Natina]: Check it out See what I believe is We was granted the power What's that? Power, wha... Ha, the power to make you dance Like this [Shamari]: I heard she's got a 9 to 5 (yea yea yea yea) But comin' in after 12 (check it out) I know they're tired of her lies (yea yea yea) Just let her go, what the deal? (wha wha wha wha) (wha wha wha) And now take me for instance babe (uh huh) See my love will drive her crazy 1 - 'Cause I'll be goin' boom like an 808 Be makin' circles like a figure 8 You know it feels good from head to toe Now hold on to me baby here we go You'll be goin' boom baby boom baby boom And I'll be goin' ooh baby ooh baby ooh (check it out) [Shamari]: I heard she's not all that to you Cause she can't do it like I do (ha ha ha) So put that trophy on the shelf (wha wha wha wha) Go about and find somebody else Now take me for instance babe See my love will drive her crazy (wha wha yeah) (Repeat 1) You'll be goin' boom baby boom baby boom And I'll be goin' ooh baby ooh baby ooh Cause I'll be goin' boom like an 808... [Natina]: Ain't nobody can bang it like me Stack it like me, wouldn't like me Ask Kelly, his original plan To get as large on the map, by makin' you clap your hands Damn shoo bizzatch, I'm not gonna lie I'll pump my amps to this Cutie pie, honey bunch If you're not busy take me to lunch Oh, ya'll done did it now, with the luscious music World poppin' crews, and what, 8-0 grooves Is what intended, you to get me up you You one in a mill, forget the mens Cause they ride in my pockets baby And today I just want to Jiggle my ball Bet I knock your socks off Wit' my what what what (wha wha wha wha) Yea yea 2 - Boom like an 808 Circles like a figure 8 Feels good from head to toe To me baby here we go (Repeat 2) x2 You'll be goin' boom baby boom baby boom And I'll be goin' ooh baby ooh baby ooh (check it out) Cause I'll be goin' boom like an 808... 
  She's blood, flesh and bones No tucks or silicone She's touch smell sight taste and sound But somehow I can't believe that anything should happen I know we're right where I belong and nothing's gonna happen, yeah Cause she's so high High above me, she's so lovely She's so high Like Cleopatra, Joan of Arc, or Aphrodite She's so high High above me First class, fancy free, she's high society She's got the best of everything Why could a guy like me ever really offer? She's perfect as she can be, why should I even bother, ah ha Cause she's so high High above me, she's so lovely She's so high Like Cleopatra, Joan of Arc, or Aphrodite She's so high High above me She comes to speak to me I freeze immediately Cause what she says sounds so unreal Cause somehow I can't believe that anything should happen I know we're right below and nothing's gonna happen Cause she's so high High above me, she's so lovely She's so high Like Cleopatra, Joan of Arc, or Aphrodite She's so high High above me She's so high High above me 
  Here I am On broken wings Quiet thoughts Unspoken dreams Here I am Alone again I need her now To hold my hand She's all, she's all I ever had She's the air I breath, yeah She's all, she's all I ever had It's the way she makes me feel It's the only thing that's real It's the way she understands She's my lover, she's my friend When I look into her eyes It's the way I feel inside Like the man I want to be She's all I'll ever need So much time So much pain (but) There's one thing That still remains (it's the) The way she cared The love we shared And through it all She's always been there She's all, she's all I ever had In a world so cold, so empty She's all, she's all I ever had It's the way she makes me feel It's the only thing that's real It's the way she understands She's my lover, she's my friend And when I look into her eyes It's the way I feel inside Like the man I want to be She's all I'll ever need She's all, she's all I ever had I love to make her see She's all, she's all I ever had It's the way she makes me feel It's the only thing that's real It's the way she understands She's my lover, she's my friend And when I look into her eyes It's the way I feel inside Like the man I want to be She's all I'll ever need It's the way she makes me feel It's the only thing that's real It's the way she understands She's my lover, she's my friend And when I look into her eyes It's the way I feel inside Like the man I want to be She's all I'll ever need Here I am 
  Uh, uh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, uh Miami, uh, uh South Beach, bringin the heat, uh Haha, can y'all feel that Can y'all feel that Jig it out, uh Here I am in the place where I come let go Miami the bass and the sunset low Everyday like a mardi gras, everybody party all day No work all play, okay So we sip a little something, lay to rest the spill Me an Charlie at the bar runnin' up a high bill Nothin' less than ill, when we dress to kill Every time the ladies pass, they be like "hi Will" Can y'all feel me, all ages and races Real sweet faces Every different nation, Spanish, Hatian, Indian, Jamaican Black, White, Cuban, and Asian I only came for two days of playing But every time I come I always wind up stayin' This the type of town I could spend a few days in Miami the city that keeps the roof blazin' Party in the city where the heat is on All night, on the beach till the break of dawn "Welcome to Miami" "Bienvenidos a Miami" Bouncin' in the club where the heat is on All night, on the beach till the break of dawn I'm goin to Miami "Welcome to Miami" Yo I heard the rainstorms ain't nothin' to mess with But I can't feel a drip on the strip, it's a trip Ladies half-dressed, fully equipped And they be screamin out, "Will we loved your last hit" So I'm thinkin' I'mma scoot me somethin' hot In this salsa-merengue melting pot Hottest club in the city, and it's right on the beach Temperature get to ya, it's about to reach Five-hundred degrees In the Carribean seas With the hot mamis screaming "¡Ay papi!" Every time I come to town, they be spottin' me In the drop Bentley, ain't no stoppin' me So, cash in your dough And flow to this fashion show Pound for pound anywhere you go Yo, ain't no city in the world like this An if you ask how I know I gots ta plead the fifth "Miami" Party in the city where the heat is on All night, on the beach till the break of dawn "Welcome to Miami" "Bienvenidos a Miami" Bouncin' in the club where the heat is on All night, on the beach till the break of dawn I'm goin to Miami "Welcome to Miami" Don't get me wrong, Chi-town got it goin' on And New York is the city that we know don't sleep And we all know that L.A. and Philly stay jiggy But on the sneak, Miami bringin' heat for real Y'all don't understand I never seen so many Dominican women with cinnimon tans Mira, this is the plan Take a walk on the beach, draw a heart in the sand Gimmie your hand Damn, you look sexy Let's go to my yacht, in the West Keys Ride my jetskis, loungin' in the palm trees 'Cause you gotta have cheese for the summerhouse piece on South Beach Water so clear, you can see to the bottom Hundred-thousand dollar cars, e'ybody got em Ain't no surprise in the club to see Sly, Stallone Miami, my second home "Miami" Party in the city where the heat is on All night, on the beach till the break of dawn "Welcome to Miami" "Bienvenidos a Miami" Bouncin' in the club where the heat is on All night, on the beach till the break of dawn I'm goin' to Miami "Welcome to Miami" Party in the city where the heat is on All night, on the beach till the break of dawn "Welcome to Miami" "Bienvenidos a Miami" Bouncin' in the club where the heat is on All night, on the beach till the break of dawn I'm goin' to Miami "Welcome to Miami" Party in the city where the heat is on 
  If I could tell the world just one thing It would be that we're all ok And not to worry because worry is wasteful And useless in times like these I will not be made useless I won't be idled with despair I will gather myself around my faith For light does the darkness most fear My hands are small, I know, But they're not yours they are my own But they're not yours they are my own And I am never broken Poverty stole your golden shoes But it didn't steal your laughter And heartache came to visit me But i knew it wasn't ever after We will fight, not out of spite For someone must stand up for what's right Cause where there's a man who has no voice There ours shall go singing My hands are small, I know, But they're not yours they are my own But they're not yours they are my own And I am never broken In the end only kindness matters In the end only kindness matters I will get down on my knees and I will pray I will get down on my knees and I will pray I will get down on my knees and I will pray My hands are small, I know, But they're not yours they are my own But they're not yours they are my own And I am never broken My hands are small, i know, But they're not yours they are my own But they're not yours they are my own And I am never broken We are never broken We are God's eyes God's hands God's mind We are God's eyes God's hands God's heart We are God's eyes God's hands God's eyes God's hands We are God's hands God's hands We are God's hands 
  Jack jack.. YEAH! Put em up! Put em up! Yo yo.. JT Money! Throw em up! Throw em up! JT Money! Aiy ya ya ya ya ya ya (Joe Nutty who 'dat?) Aiy ya ya ya ya ya ya (Who 'dat? Huh?) Who 'dat who 'dat who 'dat who 'dat who 'dat who 'dat who (Who 'dat? who 'dat? who 'dat? who 'dat?) Who 'dat who 'dat who 'dat tryin' to get up in my crew (Huh? Yeah!) Yo who 'dat off brand nigga' tryin' to hang wit the clique Flossin' like you came wit the clique But would you bang with the clique if it was thick or do you just ride dick? Cause playa', I don't know you, nigga' tell me who you wit! If you hang wit the Squad, you bound to get scarred Sucker boys run they mouth, real niggas run the yard Round here we blow trees, don't fuck with OB's You dick-ride niggas might be the police, ah-ight? Aiy-ya-ya-ya-ya-ya-ya (Aiy-ya nigga') Aiy-ya-ya-ya-ya-ya-ya (YEAH!) Who 'dat who 'dat who 'dat who 'dat who 'dat who 'dat who (Who 'dat? Who 'dat? Huh?) Who 'dat who 'dat who 'dat tryin' to get up in my crew (Tryin' to.. in my.. it's you!) Aiy-ya-ya-ya-ya-ya-ya (Aiy-ya-ya) Aiy-ya-ya-ya-ya-ya-ya (Ya-ya-ya-ya-ya) Who 'dat who 'dat who 'dat who 'dat who 'dat who 'dat who (Who 'dat? Who 'dat? Who 'dat?) Who 'dat who 'dat who 'dat tryin' to get up in my crew (Who 'dat? Tryin' to get up in my..) Uhh, me and my girls rollin' deep, represent the Sole Bunch of fly-ass bitches, when we ride it's on See them niggas all pause, droppin' digital phones Askin' me, where you from, cause they wantin' to clone, niggas Them lines, they spit, they want, my shit But game, be whack, I turn, my back Then hear that you're lickin', stickin' it Tell all your friends that you're dickin' it Swingin' on them ??? Hi-Fi shit nigga', get sick with this, say Who 'dey? Who 'dat? No chance, blew 'dat When you said that you wrote this Have Red Zone niggas on blow for this bitch Don't you deny it nigga', don't even try it nigga' You makin' claims that you laid wit the fly nigga' Don't know, your name it still, remains That you, would say you fucked Sole' Every time they turn a back, burn tracks Niggas want to say they've earned stacks Dick be jack, picture that Say my name I'm the one, who the fuck is 'dat? Why? Aiy-ya-ya-ya-ya-ya-ya (Aiy-ya-ya) Aiy-ya-ya-ya-ya-ya-ya (Ya-ya-ya-ya-ya) Who 'dat who 'dat who 'dat who 'dat who 'dat who 'dat who (Who 'dat? Who 'dat? Who 'dat? Huh?) Who 'dat who 'dat who 'dat tryin' to get up in my crew? (Who 'dat? Tryin' to get up in my crew!) Aiy-ya-ya-ya-ya-ya-ya (Aiy-ya-ya) Aiy-ya-ya-ya-ya-ya-ya (Ya-ya-ya-ya-ya) Who 'dat? who 'dat? who 'dat? who 'dat? who 'dat? who 'dat? who? (Who 'dat? Who 'dat? Who 'dat? Huh?) Who 'dat? who 'dat? who 'dat? tryin' to get up in my crew? I been said a legendary up in this motherfucker Veteran in this game, and still bringin' ruckus Never had no time for tricks or no bustas I only fuck wit 'dat real I got no love for suckers All these tiny-ass niggas be want to wear my shoes Ain't got the slightest of clues or either paid your dues Then these hoes goin' crazy, bout J baby! The way you show me your love, is by the way you pay me The game room been closed, so stay up out of mine Just know I keep niggas up and krunk, like battle lines Motherfuckers be all up in a nigga biz Tryin' to question my shit just like a pop quiz Nigga' what this is? A'ight? Aiy-ya-ya-ya-ya-ya-ya (Aiy-ya-ya) Aiy-ya-ya-ya-ya-ya-ya (Ya-ya-ya-ya-ya) Who 'dat? who 'dat? who 'dat? who 'dat? who 'dat? who 'dat? who? (Who 'dat? Who 'dat? Who 'dat? Huh?) Who 'dat? who 'dat? who 'dat? tryin' to get up in my crew? (Who dat? Tryin' to.. in my.. it's you!) Aiy-ya-ya-ya-ya-ya-ya (Aiy-ya-ya) Aiy-ya-ya-ya-ya-ya-ya (Ya-ya-ya-ya-ya) Who 'dat? who 'dat? who 'dat? who 'dat? who 'dat? who 'dat? who? (Who 'dat? Who 'dat? Who 'dat? Huh?) Who 'dat? who 'dat? who 'dat tryin' to get up in my crew? (Who 'dat? Tryin' to get up in my crew?) (We out to change nigga!) Aiy-ya-ya-ya-ya-ya-ya (We runnin' game nigga! You want to bang nigga?) Aiy-ya-ya-ya-ya-ya-ya (It ain't no thang nigga! We out to change nigga) Who 'dat? who 'dat? who 'dat? who 'dat? who 'dat? who 'dat? who? (We runnin' game nigga! You want to bang nigga?) Who 'dat? who 'dat? who 'dat tryin' to get up in my crew? (It ain't no thang nigga! A'ight!) Aiy-ya-ya-ya-ya-ya-ya (Aiy-ya-ya) Aiy-ya-ya-ya-ya-ya-ya (Ya-ya-ya-ya-ya) Who 'dat? who 'dat? who 'dat? who 'dat? who 'dat? who 'dat? who? (Who 'dat? Who 'dat? Who 'dat? Huh?) Who 'dat? who 'dat? who 'dat tryin' to get up in my crew? (Who dat? Tryin' to, in my, it's you!) Who 'dat? who 'dat? who 'dat? who 'dat? who 'dat? who 'dat? who? Who 'dat? who 'dat? who 'dat? who 'dat? who 'dat? who 'dat? who? Who 'dat? who 'dat? who 'dat? who 'dat? who 'dat? who 'dat? who? (Who 'dat? Who 'dat? Who 'dat? Huh?) Who 'dat? who 'dat? who 'dat tryin' to get up in my crew? (Who 'dat? Tryin' to get up in my crew?) Yeah! 
  All our tears have reached the sea Part of you will live in me Way down deep inside my heart The days keep coming without fail New wind is gonna find your sail That's where your journey starts You'll find better love Strong as it ever was Deep as the river runs Warm as the morning sun Please remember me Just like the waves down by the shore We're gonna keep on comin' back for more 'Cause we don't ever want to stop Out in this brave new world you'll see Ov'r the valleys and the peaks And I can see you on the top You'll find better love Strong as it ever was Deep as the river runs Warm as the morning sun Please remember me Remember me when you're out walking When snow falls high outside your door Late at night when you're not sleeping And moonlight falls across your floor And I can't hurt you anymore You'll find better love Strong as it ever was Deep as the river runs Warm as the morning sun Please remember me Please remember me 
  From this moment life has begun From this moment you are the one Right beside you is where I belong From this moment on From this moment, I have been blessed I live only, for your happiness And for your love, I give my last breath From this moment on I give my hand to you with all my heart I can't wait to live my life with you I can't wait to start You and I will never be apart My dreams came true because of you From this moment, as long as I live I will love you, I promise you this There is nothing, I wouldn't give From this moment on You're the reason I believe in love And you're the answer to my prayers from up above All we need is just the two of us My dreams came true because of you From this moment, as long as I live I will love you, I promise you this There is nothing, I wouldn't give From this moment, I will love you As long as I live from this moment on 
  I never knew there was a Love like this before Never had someone to show me a love Love like this before Now that we have, come to be A brand new light, I can see Never thought you'd be A special, part of me, no baby The reasons are because of you I can go on and make it through I can't even take my mind off lovin' you And I wanna say I never knew there was a Love like this before (A love like this before, no) Never had someone to show me a love Love like this before I know, you can't see All the things you mean to me I'm so amazed that you are mine Yeah yeah, yeah yeah If we can work together Maybe this can last forever This is somethin' that I wanna hold on to So baby, try to understand Baby, try to understand I'll be crazy if you leave 'Cause you compliment my style And I like the way you walk And the sexy things you talk You don't know just what you do to me You see I never I never knew there was a Love like this before (A love like this before, no) Never had someone to show me a love (Ooh I never had a) Love like this before I never knew there was a Love like this before (Never knew, never knew) Never had someone to show me a love Love like this before Baby, try to understand I'll be crazy if you leave 'Cause you compliment my style And I like the way you walk And the sexy things you talk You don't know just what you do to me You see I never Never knew a Never knew a Never knew a Love like this before Never knew a Never knew a Never knew a Love like this before I never knew there was a Love like this before (Never had somebody) Never had someone to show me a love Love like this before I never knew there was a Love like this before (I never knew but I'll find you) Never had someone to show me a love Love like this before I never knew there was a Love like this before Never had someone to show me a love 
  I've finally found the nerve to say I'm gonna make a change in my life Starting here today I surrender all my love I never thought I could I'm giving all my love away And there's only one reason that I would And baby it's you The way you walk The way you talk The way you say my name, your smile (You) The way you move me The way you soothe me The way you sleep softly through the night (You) Every morning you rise and open your eyes I just wanna be there with you baby I just wanna be yours From this day forth Next year let's call this day our anniversary The day I put my heart in your hand And said that it was yours to keep From this moment on Say that you'll always be mine Cause girl whe I'm alone with you There's only one thing that's on my mine And baby it's you The way you walk The way you talk The way you say my name, your smile (You) The way you move me The way you soothe me The way you sleep softly through the night (You) Every morning you rise and open your eyes I just wanna be there with you baby I just wanna be yours From this day forth The way you walk The way you talk The way you say my name, your smile (You) The way you move me The way you soothe me The way you sleep softly through the night (You) Every morning you rise and open your eyes I just wanna be there with you baby I just wanna be yours From this day forth 
  Bad Boy '98 Total, Kima, Keisha, Pam Missy Talk to me Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Uh, Bad Boy Bad Boy My mic sounds nice Check one Bad Boy My mic sounds nice Check two P-U-F-F I'm-a make 'em go deaf Make you say who dat? Them Total bitches, bad asses Kima, Keisha, and Pam Oh shit God dammit, should you cram it, or slam it? Damn right, I'm-a jam it Baby You sho' is somethin' See I won't trade you For nothin' See everything you do to me You got me trippin' And I'm satisfied And that's guaranteed [Chorus: x2] I hope you That you've been checkin' me I know what you're talkin' 'bout You got me trippin' on my own feet You got me buggin', boy You bring me so much joy You got me open, boy And I'm-a save my stuff for you Baby, yeah There's one thing I'll mention Me and her See she's no competition So tell her That you're through with her And you're in love with me And that's totally And you're dedicated to me [Chorus: x2] Baby There's one thing I'll mention Nah nah nah See she's no Competition I won't quit it Till I get it Till I have it I'll admit it I'm in love (You got me, shit, you got me) I won't quit it Till I get it Till I have it I'll admit it I'm in love (You got me, shit, you got me) Baby, you know that You got me trippin' Ya see I'm open Baby, I'm open Baby, you know that You got me trippin' Ya see I'm open Baby, I'm open [Chorus] Thank you, thank you '98, and we won't stop Nah nah nah nah Yeah, yeah, yeah Missy, misdemeanor 
  Been checkin' you for so long And I feel (feel) Girl you should let me know what the deal (what the deal) Been peepin' out yo vibe(vibe) Think you want to let me slide(slide) So what you need to do right now Is keep it real I know you want it girl Just like I want you(i want you) So stop frontin' like you don't When you do(do) So if you feel naughty If you really bout it And if you get me rowdy My love will make you shout it shout it [Repeat: x 2] If you (feelin' like lovin' me) If you(feelin' like kissin' me) If you (feelin' like lovin' me, holdin' me) If you (feelin' like lovin' me) So on them lonely nights girl if I you Let me come satisfy you for an hour or two(two) Baby don't be shy 'Cause I'm not judgin' you I'm doin' it for you lovin' so let me through Girl lets stop talkin' bout them thangs we can do(do) And lets just be about them thangs we can do(do) So if you feelin' naughty And if you really bout it bout it And if you get me rowdy get rowdy rowdy My love will make you shout it shout it [Chorus] It's a silky silky silky thang Silky silky silky silky thang nah nah nah nah See I got something for you Meet me in my bedroom So we can laugh the night away I'm tryin to be forreal Want to show you how I feel Inside 'Cause I know that you feelin like..lovin me! [Chorus: x 3] The lovers have returned to make me want to make love to you So bring yo sexallent body ova here and let me do the things I do In my bedroom I'm gone love you down just like a playa would And turn you out my superstar make you feel real good I find out if you feelin' like lovin' me, sexin' me, Holdin' me, kissin' me squezzin' me Say yeah yeah Say yeah yeah yeah yeah 
  It could all be so simple But you'd rather make it hard Loving you is like a battle And we both end up with scars Tell me, who I have to be To get some reciprocity No one loves you more than me And no one ever will Is this just a silly game That forces you to act this way? Forces you to scream my name Then pretend that you can't stay Tell me, who I have to be To get some reciprocity No one loves you more than me And no one ever will No matter how I think we grow You always seem to let me know It ain't workin', It ain't workin' (No, it ain't workin') And when I try to walk away You'd hurt yourself to make me stay This is crazy, this is crazy (This is crazy, uh-huh!) I keep letting you back in How can I explain myself? As painful as this thing has been I just can't be with no one else See I know what we've got to do You let go, and I'll let go too 'Cause no one's hurt me more than you And no one ever will No matter how I think we grow You always seem to let me know It ain't workin', It ain't workin' (It ain't workin') And when I try to walk away You'd hurt yourself to make me stay This is crazy, this is crazy Care for me, care for me! I know you care for me! There for me, there for me! Said you'd be there for me! Cry for me, cry for me! You said you'd die for me! Give to me, give to me! Why won't you live for me?! Care for me, care for me! You said you care for me! There for me, there for me! Said you'd be there for me! Cry for me, cry for me! You said you'd die for me! Give to me, give to me! Why won't you live for me?! Care for me, care for me! You said you care for me! There for me, there for me! Said you'd be there for me! Cry for me, cry for me! You said you'd die for me! Give to me, give to me! Why won't you live for me?! Care for me, care for me! You said you care for me! There for me, there for me! Said you'd be there for me! Give to me, give to me! Why won't you live for me?! Cry for me, cry for me! You said you'd die for me! 
  You say its been too long Since you had some You say I turn you on Like a fire that's burning inside You think that I'm the one You see in your dreams I know what you mean yeah It's creepin around in your head Me holding you down in my bed You don't have to say a word I'm convinced you want this [Chorus] Baby you know I can give it to you I can't deny you do it right Just let me know and I'll give it to you Just show me where, I'll take you there Baby you know that I'll give it to you Your body needs a man like me Anything goes when I give it to you You know without a doubt, I'll turn you out I'll give it to you The feeling is fine, giving you everything of mine I'm the place to be And soon, you'll see I don't care who leads As long as we move horizontally Anyone can make you sweat But I, can keep you wet It's creepin' around in my head Me holding you down in my bed I can't wait to give you some I'm convinced you need it [Chorus] It's creepin' around in my head Me holding you down in my bed You don't have to say a word Just relax, I'll do the work I can't wait to give you some I'm convinced you need one [Chorus] I want to satisfy your every wish and mine baby I know just what you need,(you need)to get you off No one could ever do you like I do you right baby There's nothing we can't do The feeling is fine giving you everything of mine 
  Baby's black balloon makes her fly I almost fell into that hole in your life And you're not thinking about tomorrow 'Cause you were the same as me But on your knees A thousand other boys could never reach you How could I have been the one I saw the world spin beneath you And scatter like ice from the spoon That was your womb Comin' down the world turned over And angels fall without you there And I go on as you get colder Or are you someone's prayer You know the lies that they always told you And the love you never knew What's the things they never showed you That swallowed the light from the sun Inside your room Comin' down the world turned over And angels fall without you there And I go on as you get colder Or are you someone's prayer And there's no time left for losin' When you stand they fall Comin' down the world turned over And angels fall without you there And I go on as you grow colder All because I'm Comin' down the years turn over And angels fall without you there And I'll go on to bring you home All because I'm All because I'm And I'll become What you became to me 
  Oh oh Um oh La la la Oh yeah I never knew such a day could come And I never knew such a love could be inside of one And I never knew what my life was for But now that you're here I know for sure I never knew til I looked in your eyes (oh baby) I was incomplete til the day you walked into my life (um, hm) And I never knew that my heart could feel so precious and pure One love so real, real Can I just see you every morning when (every morning, babe) I open my eyes Can I just feel your heart beating beside me every night (every day) Can we just feel this way together til the end of all time (Can I just spend my life) Can I just spend my life with you (um, hm) Now baby the days and the weeks and the years will roll by But nothing will change the love inside of you and I And baby I'll never find any words that could explain Just how much my heart, my life, my soul you've changed Can you run to these open arms when no one else understands Can we tell God and the whole world I'm your woman and you're my man Can you just feel how much I love you with one touch of my hand Can I just spend my life with you No touch has ever felt so wonderful (you are incredible) Not a deeper love I've ever known (never let you go) I swear this love is true (now and forever to you, to you, oh, oh) Can I just see you every morning when I open my eyes Can I just feel your heart beating beside me every night Can we just feel this way together til the end of all time Can I just spend my life with you Can you run to these open arms when no one else understands Can we tell God and the whole world (You're my woman) and (you're my man) Can you just feel how much I love you with one touch of my hand Can I just spend my life with you Can I just spend my life with you Can I just spend my life with you (forever here with you) Can I just spend my life with you Can I just see you every morning when I open my eyes Oh oh 
  It's taking everything in me Not to kiss you over, under Feel you inside, feel my thunder How the hell could i not want cha Girl it don't have to be a thang I'll wait for you, you wait for me Cause' true love is insisting we don't have to rush at all These are the times we all wish for The moment when less means so much more We don't have to do a thing at all We can just take our time and talk And this is the way things need to be No pressure from you and none from me Just let the mood set the moment off We can make love or not all Be thinkin bout you all the time Morning, noon and suppertime Tear you up in little pieces Swallow you like reeses pieces Come on girl you know i need it It ain't s'posed to be a thang I know If i wait for you, you'll wait for me And i know True loves insisting we don't have to rush at all These are the times we all wish for The moment when less means so much more We don't have to do a thing at all We can just take our time and talk And this is the way things need to be No pressure from you and none from me Just let the mood set the moment off We can make love or not all I don't make promises Cause i know my heart gets weak I get around you It makes them hard to keep You bring out the best, you make me the man God knows i'm proud to be These are the times we all wish for The moment when less means so much more We don't have to do a thing at all We can just take our time and talk And this is the way things need to be No pressure from you and none from me Just let the mood set the moment off We can make love or not all 
  I could stay awake just to hear you breathing Watch you smile while you are sleeping While you're far away and dreaming I could spend my life in this sweet surrender I could stay lost in this moment forever Where every moment spent with you Is a moment I treasure I don't want to close my eyes I don't want to fall asleep 'Cause I'd miss you And I don't want to miss a thing 'Cause even when I dream of you The sweetest dream will never do I'd still miss you And I don't want to miss a thing Lying close to you, feeling your heart beating And I'm wondering what your dreaming Wondering if it's me your seeing And then I kiss your eyes, and thank God we're together I just want to stay with you In this moment forever I don't want to close my eyes I don't want to fall asleep 'Cause I'd miss you And I don't want to miss a thing 'Cause even when I dream of you The sweetest dream will never do I'd still miss you And I don't want to miss a thing I don't want to miss one smile I don't want to miss one kiss Well, I just want to be with you, right here with you Just like this I just want to hold you close Feel your heart so close to mine And just stay here in this moment For all the rest of time I don't want to close my eyes I don't want to fall asleep 'Cause I'd miss you And I don't want to miss a thing 'Cause even when I dream of you The sweetest dream will never do I'd still miss you And I don't want to miss a thing 
  I do I do now I do I do All I am, all I'll be Everything in this world All that I'll ever need Is in your eyes shining at me When you smile I can feel All my passion unfolding Your hand brushes mine And a thousand sensations Seduce me 'cause I I do cherish you for the rest of my life You don't have to think twice I will love you still from the depths of my soul It's beyond my control I've waited so long to say this to you If you're asking do I love you this much, I do, oh baby oh In my world before you Lived outside my emotions Didn't know where I was going Until that day, I found you How you opened my life To a new paradise In a world torn by change Still with all my heart Until my dying day I do cherish you for the rest of my life You don't have to think twice I will love you still from the depths of my soul It's beyond my control I've waited so long to say this to you If you're asking do I love you this much, yes I do I do If you're asking do I love you this much Baby, I do cherish you from the depths of my soul It's beyond my control I've waited so long to say this to you If you're asking do I love you this much, baby I do I do. 
  Chorus You're my sunshine after the rain You're the cure against my fear and my pain 'Cause I'm losing my mind when you're not around It's all (It's all) It's all because of you Baby I really know by now Since we met that day You showed me the way I felt it then you gave me love, I can't describe How much I feel for you I said baby I should have known by now Should have been right there whenever you gave me love And if only you were here I'd tell you yes I'd tell you (oh yeah) Chorus You're my sunshine after the rain You're the cure against my fear and my pain 'Cause I'm losing my mind when you're not around It's all (It's all) It's all because of you Honestly, could it be you and me Like it was before neither less or more 'Cause when I close my eyes at night I realize that no one else could ever take your place I still can feel and it's so unreal When you're touching me, kisses endlessly It's just a place in the sun where our love's begun I miss you, yes I miss you baby, oh yeah Chorus You're my sunshine after the rain You're the cure against my fear and my pain 'Cause I'm losing my mind when you're not around It's all (It's all) It's all because of you If I knew how to tell you what's on my mind (Make you understand) Then I'd always be there right by your side Chorus You're my sunshine after the rain You're the cure against my fear and my pain 'Cause I'm losing my mind when you're not around It's all (It's all) It's all because of you Chorus You're my sunshine You're my sunshine Oh, yeah 
  I will remember you, will you remember me? Don't let your life pass you by, Weep not for the memories Remember the good times that we had? I let them slip away from us when things got bad. How clearly I first saw you smilin' in the sun Want to feel your warmth upon me I want to be the one I will remember you, will you remember me? Don't let your life pass you by Weep not for the memories I'm so tired but I can't sleep Standin' on the edge of something much to deep It's funny how we feel so much but we cannot say a word We are screaming inside, but we can't be heard I will remember you, will you remember me? Don't let your life pass you by Weep not for the memories I'm so afraid to love you But more afraid to lose Clinging to a past that doesn't let me choose Once there was a darkness Deep and endless night You gave me everything you had, oh you gave me life I will remember you, will you remember me? Don't let your life pass you by Weep not for the memories I will remember you, will you remember me? Don't let your life pass you by Weep not for the memories 
  (Listen) Chante's got a man at home (I gotta go home, and make him some dinner) It hurts me your man's leaving you all alone (Oh well I'm supposed to lose my man because your man out creeping?) I can't help it that your baby's bad Creeping out, cheating on ya, (I'm telling you) beating on ya Chante's got a man at home (I gotta go home) And he's sure good to me (Listen) I'm sorry that your man ain't home I'm sorry that yours left you alone It's such a shame your man is playing games And I heard you say that men are all the same No, no, no It's not the truth girl, Cause I got proof girl Oh I got proof girl I got a man at home Chante's got a man at home(I gotta go home) It hurts me your man's leaving you all alone I can't help it that your baby's bad Creeping out, cheating on ya, beating on ya Chante's got a man at home And he's sure good to me Now why'd you let him beat you down No, no, what's up with that There's good men around Don't you know how beautiful you are inside girl And don't you let nobody go and steal your pride Oh no no, I know your thing girl It's not the truth girl Cause I got proof girl Oh I got proof I got a man at home Chante's got a man at home It hurts me your man's leaving you all alone I can't help it that your baby's bad Creeping out, cheating on ya, beating on ya Chante's got a man at home And he's sure good to me I once was where you are Thought men were all the same But I never gave up hope And now my life has changed Listen to me girls One bad apple don't spoil the whole bunch girl He always treats me right, we never fight He sends me flowers and wines and dines me Took me home to meet his momma How he loves me One bad apple don't spoil the whole bunch girl Give it one more try Before ya give up on love (That's my man calling me) (Hello?) 
  Guess what I did today Those were the words I said to you It was last May, don't know the exact day In my head there was a praise And you told me that you loved me More than anything in your life And I asked you would you do me The honor of being my wife (yes I will) I will be your man, your protector, your best friend 'Til my humble life is ended Then time begins again (couldn't we) Couldn't we be the happily ever after We can be strong together for so long (our love goes strong so Long) Couldn't we please be happliy ever after (couldn't we be, baby) Leaving you never stays forever strong When I was away (umm...hmm) Some friends became just faces Some people grew apart But you stayed right in my heart In so many times, could picture this day inside my mind And for so many years, ooh I knew it would be you here with me, ooh (yes I will) Take you for my wife, the center of my life And I will never ever fade From this choice I've made, ooh...oh Couldn't we be the happily ever after (come on) We could be strong together for so long Couldn't we please be happily ever after Leaving you never stays forever strong (hey...ooh...hey yeah) You don't have to look no further than me (don't look no Further, baby yeah) You don't need much more than my lovin' to make you happy (I'm So happy, babe) Beneath the side of God, I will make this vow to you (come on Baby) I'll be right here, stay with me (stay with me, baby hey) Couldn't we be the happily ever after We could be strong together for so long Couldn't we please be happily ever after Leaving you never stays forever strong (no, no I will never Leave you, ooh) 
  (Clap your hands y'all, it's alright...) If tomorrow is judgment day (Sing Mommy) And I'm standing on the front line And the Lord asks me what I did with my life I will say I spent it with you If I wake up in World War III I see destruction and poverty And I feel like I want to go home It's okay if you're coming with me 'Cause your love is my love And my love is your love It would take an eternity to break us And the chains of Amistad couldn't hold us 'Cause your love is my love And my love is your love It would take an eternity to break us And the chains of Amistad couldn't hold us If I lose my fame and fortune And I'm homeless on the street And I'm sleeping in Grand Central Station It's okay if you're sleeping with me As the years they pass us by We stay young through each other's eyes And no matter how old we get It's okay as long as I got you baby 'Cause your love is my love And my love is your love It would take an eternity to break us And the chains of Amistad couldn't hold us 'Cause your love is my love And my love is your love It would take an eternity to break us And the chains of Amistad couldn't hold us If I should die this very day Don't cry, 'cause on Earth we weren't meant to stay And no matter what the people say I'll be waiting for you after the judgment day 'Cause your love is my love And my love is your love It would take an eternity to break us And the chains of Amistad couldn't hold us 'Cause your love is my love And my love is your love It would take an eternity to break us And the chains of Amistad couldn't hold us 
  
  [Lil Wayne] Drop, drop, drop, what what what After you back it up then stop What, what, wha, drop it like its hot After you back it up and stop What, what, wha, drop it like its hot Now drop it like it's hot, drop drop it like its hot Drop it like it's hot, drop drop it like it's hot Make em' drop it like its hot, drop drop it like its hot Drop it like it's hot, drop drop it like it's hot [Lil wayne] You know me girl I'm a cash money millionaire look at my Rolie (Rolex) girl Drop to your knees top ya hair, ah ah slow me girl Now hit it strong, won't be long, now catch it slowly girl No he didn't say that, yes I did girl I don't use rubbers, and I don't plan no kids girl I don't want your number, I want your trouble, in ya skins girl Then after that, you can get it how you live girl That's on the real girl, I'm a pimp girl Get it twisted, I'll slam you like Shawn Kemp girl I know my neck get it hot like a lighter girl I just slap you a couple of times, never fight it girl That's cause I likes it girl And let me tell you somethin girl, I am a player girl So don't you try to play me cause I never save a girl Do me a favor girl, and wet the spot girl And after you back it up, drop it like its hot girl [Chorus: Lil Wayne] Now after you back it up then stop What, what, wha drop it like its hot Now after you back it up then stop What, what, wha, drop it like its hot Make em' drop it like it's hot, drop drop it like its hot Drop it like it's hot, drop drop it like it's hot Make em' drop it like its hot, drop drop it like its hot Drop it like it's hot, drop drop it like it's hot [B.G.] First time need you to bend both knees Wobble that ass right, then pop that pussy The left one time, the right two times (whoa) Show a nigga something, put it on a nigga mind, come on, come on Nice working, bitch Ain't no need to hold it in, what you working with You want a Hot boy, hear me, work it bitch Then break a nigga off, let me hurt you bitch, let me hurt you bitch I'm on fire yea I'm nasty and I'ma make you holler yea Girl think I'm playing, I'ma freak ya down I'ma show you how we do it on ?VL? Uptown, I'm want to hear you make the move Oh B.g sounds, I want to hear you say aw boy you laid that down Aw you laid that down I'm hot yea, people say I'm off the block But I won't stop till you drop it likes its hot [Chorus] [Lil Wayne] I'm a rider boy, the hottest boy, respect me Cause I'm on fire boy, on fire boy Got them trees, holler boy, holler boy Bout my cheese, them dollars boy, dollars boy I'm a seventeen survivor boy, with choppers boy I got guns that go black a boy, black a boy Y'all running with a monster boy, reason Wayne calling y'all And I'm a mobster boy, hit it right I get my ball on like soccer boy I keep it right I ain't gon thaw it off I'm a Tymer Boy Go up in flames block-burner that's my motto boy It ain't a game, I cock that cause I'm inside a boy I'm a pimp, got a wife that'll holler boy Catch her at the house stepping out the shower boy Got a lotta boys Claim to be soldiers but lies boy And if I catch em I'ma bat em and make em retire boy [Mannie Fresh] But a hump in your back and bend your rump Hey sexy little mama we can do the hump And you can hurt me hurt me, sex me sex me (what) [Lil Wayne] And after he finished, next me next me [Mannie Fresh] Work it jerk it pull it hold it grab it (whoa) I need it eat it beat it, silly rabbit (oh) Ha, I stuffed you in the ass (oh) Got this thang up in ya like a snake in the grass (sss) I know you wish you could go home (go home) To a nigga with a dick like a python (python) Stank bitch ya like a off the hook telephone (telephone) Got ya walkin round with nothin but a fuckin thong (wha?!) Take the switch out on these freaks because cause I'm so wrong [Lil wayne] So wrong, so wrong, so wrong Drop (wha) so wrong, listen, listen, listen [Chorus: x2] [Lil wayne] They go wobblety wobblety, wa a wobblety wobblety Wa a wobblety wobblety, drop drop it like its hot Make em wobblety wobblety, wa a wobblety wobblety Wa a wobblety wobblety, wa a drop drop it like its hot Now after you back it up then stop Wha wha wha, drop it like its hot They gotta wobblety wobblety wa a wobblety wobblety Wa a wobblety wobblety, drop drop it like it's hot Tell em after you back it up then stop Then wha, wha, wha, drop it like its hot Make em after you back it up then stop Then wha, wha, wha, drop it like its hot Drop it like it's hot drop drop it like its hot Drop em like it's hot, drop it like it's hot Drop it like it's hot drop drop it like its hot 
  Almost made you love me Almost made you cry Almost made you happy, baby Didn't I didn't I You almost had me thinking You were turned around But everybody knows Almost doesn't count Almost heard you saying You were finally free What was always missing for you, baby You'd found it in me But you can't get to heaven Half off the ground Everybody knows Almost doesn't count I can't keep on loving you One foot outside the door I hear a funny hesitation Of a heart that's never really sure Can't keep on trying If you're looking for more Than all that I could give you Than what you came here for Gonna find me somebody Not afraid to let go Want a no doubt be there kind of man You came real close But everytime you built me up You only let me down And everybody knows Almost doesn't count Maybe you'll be sorry Maybe you'll be cold Maybe you'll come running back, baby From the cruel cruel world Almost convince me You're gonna stick around But everybody knows Almost doesn't count So maybe I'll be here Maybe I'll see ya around That's the way it goes Almost doesn't count 
  Let's go girls, come on I'm going out tonight, I'm feelin' alright Gonna let it all hang out Want to make some noise, really raise my voice Yeah, I want to scream and shout No inhibitions, make no conditions Get a little outta line I ain't gonna act politically correct I only want to have a good time The best thing about being a woman Is the prerogative to have a little fun and Oh, oh, oh, go totally crazy, forget I'm a lady Men's shirts, short skirts Oh, oh, oh, really go wild yeah, doin' it in style Oh, oh, oh, get in the action, feel the attraction Color my hair, do what I dare Oh, oh, oh, I want to be free yeah, to feel the way I feel Man! I feel like a woman! The girls need a break-tonight we're gonna take The chance to get out on the town We don't need romance, we only want to dance We're gonna let our hair hang down The best thing about being a woman Is the prerogative to have a little fun and Oh, oh, oh, go totally crazy, forget I'm a lady Men's shirts, short skirts Oh, oh, oh, really go wild-yeah, doin' it in style Oh, oh, oh, get in the action, feel the attraction Color my hair, do what I dare Oh, oh, oh, I want to be free yeah, to feel the way I feel Man! I feel like a woman! The best thing about being a woman Is the prerogative to have a little fun and Oh, oh, oh, go totally crazy, forget I'm a lady Men's shirts, short skirts Oh, oh, oh, really go wild yeah, doin' it in style Oh, oh, oh, get in the action, feel the attraction Color my hair, do what I dare Oh, oh, oh, I want to be free yeah, to feel the way I feel Man! I feel like a woman! I get totally crazy Can you feel it Come, come, come on baby I feel like a woman 
  I was lying on the grass on Sunday morning of last week Indulging in my self defeat My mind was thugged all laced and bugged all twisted wrong and beat A comfortable three feet deep Now the fuzzy stare from not being there on a confusing morning week Impaired my tribal lunar speak And of course you can't become if you only say what you would have done So I missed a million miles of fun I know it's up for me If you steal my sunshine Making sure I'm not in too deep If you steal my sunshine Keeping versed and on my feet If you steal my sunshine Check, come here come here, come here Wow, look at her I know I've never seen Sharon look so bad before I did once before, but this is pretty bad Yeah, what do you think she got up to last night? Ha ha ha Tell, I, Karen I love you I was lying on the bench slide in the park across the street L-a-t-e-are that week My sticky paws were in to making straws out of big fat slurpy treats An incredible eight foot heap Now the funny glare to pay a gleaming tare in a staring under heat Involved an under usual feet And I'm not only among but I invite who I want to come So I missed a million miles of fun I know it's up for me If you steal my sunshine Making sure I'm not in too deep If you steal my sunshine Keeping versed and on my feet If you steal my sunshine I know it's done for me If you steal my sunshine Not some and hard to see If you steal my sunshine Keeping dumb and built to beat If you steal my sunshine My sunshine If you steal my sunshine My sunshine If you steal my sunshine My sunshine If you steal my sunshine My sunshine If you steal my sunshine My sunshine If you steal my sunshine 
  They say around the way you've asked for me There's even talk about you wanting me I must admit that's what I want to hear But that's just talk until you take me there oh If it's true don't leave me all alone out here Wondering if you're ever gonna take me there Tell me what you're feeling cause I need to know Girl you've gotta let me know which way to go Cause I need to know I need to know Tell me baby girl cause I need to know I need to know I need to know Tell me baby girl cause I need to know My every thought is of this being true It's getting harder not to think of you Girl I'm exactly where I want to be The only thing is I need you here with me - oh If it's true don't leave me all alone out here Wondering if you're ever gonna take me there Tell me what you're feeling cause I need to know Girl you've gotta let me know which way to go Cause I need to know I need to know Tell me baby girl cause I need to know I need to know I need to know Tell me baby girl cause I need to know Cause I need to know I need to know Tell me baby girl cause I need to know I need to know I need to know Tell me baby girl cause I need to know 
  Nine o'clock (Nine o'clock), home alone (home alone), Paging you (Paging you), Wishing you'd come over my place (My place) After while (After while), let me know (Let me know) We can't just keep talking about the last time (Last time) You were here (You were here) What we did (What we did) (No sleep till morning) Only bubble baths (Bubble baths) And back rubs (Back rubs) Hit me back (Hit me back) Girl I hope you hurry 'cause I'm so anxious so meet me at eleven-thirty I love the way your talkin' dirty said I'm So anxious girl could you quit this stallin' You know I'm a sexaholic said I'm So anxious so meet me at eleven-thirty I love the way your talkin' dirty said I'm So anxious, girl could you quit this stallin' You know I'm a sexaholic said I'm It' 10:10 (10:10) Where you been (Where you been) Did you get my message? (Get my message) (Your expression is tellin' me that you've been thinkin' the same thang) The same thang I've been thinkin' (I've been thinkin') You say you're workin' (Say you're workin') Well hit me just as soon as you're shift is over (Over) And I'll be waitin' (I'll be waitin') 'cause I can't sleep (I can't sleep) For reminiscin' Reminscin' about you (About you) And what we do (And what we do) Hit me back (Hit me back) And I you hope 'cause I'm So anxious so meet me at eleven-thirty I love the way your talkin' dirty said I'm So anxious girl could you quit this stallin' You know I'm a sexaholic said I'm So anxious so meet me at eleven-thirty I love the way your talkin' dirty said I'm So anxious girl could you quit this stallin' You know I'm a sexaholic said I'm Said as soon as you hit the door I'mma pull you down on the floor And before we get to touch the bed Baby back up every word you said And before we, got to hit the lights And before we start the candlelight Baby girl I want to bump and grind This is something that is on my mind So anxious so meet me at eleven-thirty I love the way your talkin' dirty said I'm So anxious girl could you quit this stallin' You know I'm a sexaholic said I'm So anxious so meet me at eleven-thirty I love the way your talkin' dirty said I'm So anxious 
  That's right Life is funny ain't it (yeah) Sometimes you can end up with Somebody you really don't wanna be with And others left to figure it out Check it She was more than a women, a goddess for all it seems All I ever needed was her right here loving me For a while we were cool and the groovin' love was on But I still remember how it felt when our love was gone In a tattered picture book Was a photograph she took years ago (Secret memories in her mind) Secret memories in her mind How could love be so unkind? Heartbreak time (my heart is breaking) Just faded pictures in a broken glass (broken glass) Like a mirror revealing (I see, I see you) What the woman is feeling Was it someone from a distant past? (Way back long ago) 'Cause it's breaking my heart To watch her stare into the glass (Joe help me out!) As she turned through the pages the tears rolled down her face I could see her reminiscing, why her life had to be this way Then she stopped and she came to a page where her diary ends To smell the scent of an old rose, from her lover I suppose In a tattered picture book (tattered picture book) Was a photograph she took (she took, yeah) years ago (Secret memories in her mind) Secret memories in her mind (oh oh) How could love be so unkind? (Unkind) Heartbreak time Faded pictures in a broken glass (oh baby) Like a mirror revealing (like a mirror revealing) What the woman is feeling (Was it someone from a distant past?) Was it someone from a distant past? (Oh oh) 'Cause it's breaking my heart (it's breaking my heart) To watch her stare into the glass (stare into the glass) Just keep spinning As she stares into the glass, I'll be waiting 'Cause she's lost inside the past Let's just keep spinning Spin, spin, spin, spin As she stares into the glass, I'll be waiting 'Cause she's lost inside the past (lost inside the past) Faded pictures in a broken glass (in a broken glass) Like a mirror revealing (I feel it) What the woman is feeling (yeah and I know it too) Was it someone from a distant past? (Way back long ago) 'Cause it's breaking my heart You're breaking my, you're breaking my You're breaking my heart girl Faded pictures in a broken glass Oh, hmm 
  It's undeniable That we should be together It's unbelievable How I used to say That I'd fall never The basis is need to know If you don't know Just how I feel Then let me show you now That I'm for real If all things in time Time will reveal One You're like a dream come true Two Just want to be with you Three Girl, it's plain to see That you're the only one for me And four Repeat steps one through three Five Make you fall in love with me If ever I believe my work is done Then I'll start back at one It's so incredible The way things work themselves out And all emotional Once you know what it's all about, hey And undesirable For us to be apart I never would have made it very far 'Cause you know you've got the keys to my heart One You're like a dream come true Two Just want to be with you Three Girl, it's plain to see That you're the only one for me And four Repeat steps one through three Five Make you fall in love with me If ever I believe my work is done Then I'll start back at one Say farewell to the dark of night I see the coming of the sun I feel like a little child Whose life has just begun You came and breathed new life Into this lonely heart of mine You threw out the lifeline Just in the nick of time One You're like a dream come true Two Just want to be with you Three Girl, it's plain to see That you're the only one for me And four Repeat steps one through three Five Make you fall in love with me If ever I believe my work is done Then I'll start back at one 
  I'm standing here looking in the mirror Saying "damn" to myself I should have known the day would come That she would find somebody else And all the things I took her through Shit, I shouldn't have lasted this long Now I'm at this telephone booth calling Tyrone 'Cause when a woman's fed up No matter how you beg, no It ain't nothing you can do about it (nothing you can do about it) It's like running out of love No matter what you say, no And then it's too late to talk about it (too late to talk about it) Now let's talk about how it all goes down I used to make love to you daily When the night fell, the same And anytime that you were hurt I could feel your pain And if I had a dollar It was yours, yeah (ooh, yeah) And whenever we would go out I would front the bill But now the up is down And the silence is sound I hurt you too, too many times Now I can't come around 'Cause when a woman's fed up No matter how you beg, no It ain't nothing you can do about it (nothing you can do about it) Oh no, it's just like running out of love No matter what you say, no And then it's too late to talk about it (too late to talk about it) Oh yeah, oh yeah, la la da da La La da da da da La da da da da La Oh yeah, la da da da da La Oh, ah, listen, if you don't want to find out the hard way Then listen to this song while the record plays When a woman's fed up Mama taught me along time ago It ain't nothing you can do about it (nothing you can do about it) Oh no, it's like running out of love No matter what you say, no Then it's too late to talk about it (too late to talk about it) Yeah You can cry a river 'Till an ocean starts to form, yeah But she will always remember 'Cause she's a woman scorned And if you ever get her back It will never be the same She's cuttin' the corners of her eyes Every time she see your face Now your trust is out the door She don't want you no more You used to tell your boys, not me And she would always be there for you If you had took the time to see What that woman meant to you Is what the mirror said to me, whoa She was raised in Illinois Right outside of Chicago Some of the best cookin' you ever had Yes, it was and I miss her Hey woman, if you're listening Said I miss you baby, whoa, whoa, oh yeah 
  Big orange ball, sinkin' in the water Toes in the sand, couldn't get much hotter Little umbrella shaped margaritas Coconut oil, tan senioritas Now I know how Jimmy Buffet feels Hands on the wheel, cruisin' down the interstate Gas pedal sticks, carries my car away I was going fast as a Rambler goes I could feel the speed from my head to my toes Now I know how Richard Petty feels I've been around the block a time or two Done almost everything a boy can do I've done some livin', yeah I've had fun But there is one thing that I haven't done Saved two months, bought a little diamond Tonight's the night, feels like perfect timin' Down on one knee on momma's front steps, Man I'm gonna die if she really says yes I want to know how forever feels I've been around the block a time or two Done almost everything a boy can do I've done some livin', yeah I've had fun But there is one thing that I haven't done I want to know how forever feels Hey, I want to know how forever feels Girl, I want to know how forever feels 
  Every time our eyes meet This feeling inside me Is almost more than I can take Baby, when you touch me I can feel how much you love me And it just blows me away I've never been this close to anyone or anything I can hear your thoughts, I can see your dreams I don't know how you do what you do I'm so in love with you It just keeps getting better I want to spend the rest of my life with you by my side Forever and ever Every little thing that you do Baby, I'm amazed by you The smell of your skin The taste of your kiss The way you whisper in the dark Your hair all around me Baby, you surround me Touch every place in my heart And it feels like the first time every time I want to spend the whole night in your eyes I don't know how you do what you do I'm so in love with you It just keeps getting better I want to spend the rest of my life with you by my side Forever and ever Every little thing that you do Baby, I'm amazed by you Every little thing that you do I'm so in love with you It just keeps getting better I want to spend the rest of my life with you by my side Forever and ever Every little thing that you do, oh Every little thing that you do Baby, I'm amazed by you 
  You tell me you're in love with me Like you can't take your pretty eyes away from me It's not that I don't wanna stay But every time you come too close I move away I wanna believe in everything that you say 'Cause it sounds so good But if you really want me, move slow There's things about me you just have to know Sometimes I run Sometimes I hide Sometimes I'm scared of you But all I really want is to hold you tight Treat you right, be with you day and night Baby all I need is time I don't wanna be so shy Every time that I'm alone I wonder why Hope that you will wait for me You'll see that you're the only one for me I wanna believe in everything that you say 'Cause it sounds so good But if you really want me, move slow There's things about me you just have to know Sometimes I run (sometimes) Sometimes I hide Sometimes I'm scared of you But all I really want is to hold you tight Treat you right, be with you day and night All I really want is to hold you tight Treat you right, be with you day and night Baby all I need is time Just hang around and you'll see There's nowhere I'd rather be If you love me, trust in me The way that I trust in you Sometimes I run (sometimes) Sometimes I hide Sometimes I'm scared of you But all I really want is to hold you tight (hold you tight) Treat you right, be with you day and night (day and night) Sometimes I run (sometimes) Sometimes I hide Sometimes I'm scared of you But all I really want is to hold you tight Treat you right, be with you day and night All I really want is to hold you tight Be with you day and night Sometimes I run, (sometimes) sometimes I hide Sometimes I'm scared of you But all I really want is to hold you tight Treat you right, be with you day and night 
  
  Sometimes I feel like I'm drunk behind the wheel the wheel of possibility However it may roll, give it a spin See if you can somehow factor in You know there's always more than one way to say exactly what you mean to say Was I out of my head or was I out of my mind? How could I have ever been so blind? I was waiting for an indication, it was hard to find Don't matter what I say, only what I do I never mean to do bad things to you So quiet but I finally woke up If you're sad then it's time you spoke up too Was I out of my head or was I out of my mind? How could I have ever been so blind? I was waiting for an indication, it was hard to find Don't matter what I say, only what I do I never mean to do bad things to you So quiet but I finally woke up If you're sad then it's time you spoke up too Was I out of my head or was I out of my mind? How could I have ever been so blind? I was waiting for an indication, it was hard to find Don't matter what I say, only what I do I never mean to do bad things to you So quiet but I finally wake up If you're sad then it's time you spoke up too 
  Check the bassline out, uh-huh Jigga (bounce wit it), uh-huh uh-huh uh-huh, yeahh Let it bump though It's the hard knock life (uh-huh) for us It's the hard knock life, for us! 'Steada treated, we get tricked 'Steada kisses, we get kicked It's the hard knock life! From standin' on the corners boppin' To drivin' some of the hottest cars New York has ever seen For droppin' some of the hottest verses rap has ever heard From the dope spot, with the smoke Glock Fleein' the murder scene, you know me well From nightmares of a lonely cell, my only hell But since when y'all niggaz know me to fail? Fuck naw Where all my niggaz with the rubber grips, bust shots And if you with me mom I rub on your tits, and what-not I'm from the school of the hard knocks, we must not Let outsiders violate our blocks, and my plot Let's stick up the world and split it fifty/fifty, uh-huh Let's take the dough and stay real jiggy, uh-huh And sip the Cris' and get pissy-pissy Flow infinitely like the memory of my nigga Biggie, baby! You know it's hell when I come through The life and times of Shawn Carter Nigga Volume 2, y'all niggaz get ready It's the hard knock life, for us It's the hard knock life, for us! 'Steada treated, we get tricked 'Steada kisses, we get kicked It's the hard knock life! I flow for those 'dro'ed out, all my niggaz Locked down in the ten by fo', controllin' the house We live in hard knocks, we don't take over we borrow blocks Burn em down and you can have it back daddy, I'd rather that I flow for chicks wishin', they ain't have to strip to pay tuition I see you vision mama, I put my money on the long shots All my ballers that's born to clock Now I'ma be on top whether I perform or not I went from lukewarm to hot; sleepin' on futons and cots To king size, green machines, the green fives I've seen pies let the thing between my eyes analyze life's ills Then I put it down type braile I'm tight grill with the phony, rappers y'all might feel we homies I'm like still, y'all don't know me, shit! I'm tight grill when my situation ain't improving I'm tryin to murder everything movin', feel me?! It's the hard knock life, for us It's the hard knock life, for us! 'Steada treated, we get tricked 'Steada kisses, we get kicked It's the hard knock life, for us It's the hard knock life, for us! 'Steada treated, we get tricked 'Steada kisses, we get kicked It's the hard knock life! I don't how to sleep, I gotta eat, stay on my toes Gotta a lot of beef, so logically, I prey on my foes Hustling's still inside of me, and as far as progress You'd be hard-pressed, to find another rapper hot as me I gave you prophecy on my first joint, and y'all lamed out Didn't really appreciate it, til the second one came out So I stretched the game out, X'ed your name out Put Jigga on top, and drop albums non-stop for ya, nigguh! It's the hard knock life, for us It's the hard knock life, for us! 'Steada treated, we get tricked 'Steada kisses, we get kicked It's the hard knock life, for us It's the hard knock life, for us! 'Steada treated, we get tricked 'Steada kisses, we get kicked It's the hard knock life! It's the hard knock life! It's the hard knock life! 
  Take me there, I want to go there Take me there. Let's go there Take me to that great place with wonders and wishes Take me there, I want to go there Take me there. You know where Just take me to that great place with wonders and wishes Sittin here thinkin bout yesterday About what we did and how we used to play Just the thought of you brings a smile upon my face That's how it makes me feel to see you everyday Where we go, nobody knows And what we do, is between me and you So c'mon and take my hand, to that special place Where smiles come to life and dreams come true Let's make a wish Close your eyes and count to five 'Cause you know that everything will be alright I see the magic in your eyes You're strong enough I know To bring your dreams to life Where we go, nobody knows And what we do, is between me and you So c'mon and take my hand, to that special place I don't want this dream to ever go away Now angelica's the one with all the exposure Dil is the one who drop in the stroller Tommy got the whole world on his shoulders And dil cries to sleep Til' his eyes get bleak I'm identical to chuckie, chuckie to petro Chuckie get scared, chuckie says "let's go" If I was a rugrat, it would've been so real Me and my twin would've been just like phil and lil And with one wish, blink grant you one trip Where we goin, it's an adventure, who you want to come with See you're my little brother that I'll come get Run with, but it's gotta be done quick Yo chucky is scared and tommy is sad And Phil and Lil misses their mom and dad So take the time of day And we'll find the place And I guarantee that we will all get home safe Just take me there 
  [Chorus] Don't you ever wish You were someone else You were meant to be The way you are exactly Don't you ever say You don't like the way you are When you learn to love yourself You're better off by far And I hope you always stay the same 'Cause there's nothing 'bout you I would change I think that you could be Whatever you wanted to be If you could realize All the dreams you have inside Don't be afraid If you got something to say Just open up your heart And let it show you the way [Chorus] Believe in yourself Reach down inside The love you find will set you free Believe in yourself You will come alive Have faith in what you do You'll make it through Oh, [Chorus] Don't change 
  (Randy Goodrum/Brent Maher) Somebody's gonna give you A lesson in leavin' Somebody's gonna give you back What you've been givin' And I hope that I'm around To watch 'em knock you down It's like you to love 'em and leave 'em Just like you loved me and left me It's like you to do that sort of thing Over and over again You're a fool-hearted man I hear you've been askin' about me From some of my friends Well, you'd better believe I'm not goin' through that again You're the kind of man A woman thinks she can change Oh, but the only thing changin' Is my way of thinkin' And I'm thinkin' that maybe someday Somebody's gonna give you A lesson in losin' Somebody's gonna do to you What you've been doin' And I hope that I'm around To watch 'em knock you down Somebody's gonna give you A lesson in hurtin' Somebody's gonna leave you With your fire burnin' And no way to put it out Baby, there ain't no doubt You're a fool-hearted man Yeah, you're the kind of man A woman thinks she can change But the only thing changin' Is my way of thinkin' And I'm thinkin' that maybe someday Somebody's gonna give you A lesson in leavin' Somebody's gonna give you back What you've been givin' And I hope that I'm around To watch 'em knock you down It's like you to love 'em and leave 'em Just like you loved me and left me It's like you to do that sort of thing Over and over again You're a fool-hearted man Somebody's gonna give you A lesson in leavin' Somebody's gonna give you back What you've been givin' And I hope that I'm around To watch 'em knock you down It's like you to love 'em and leave 'em Just like you loved me and left me It's like you to do that sort of thing Over and over again You're a fool-hearted man Oh, a fool-hearted man Oh, whoa Oh, a fool-hearted man 
  And I'd give up forever to touch you 'Cause I know that you feel me somehow You're the closest to heaven that I'll ever be And I don't want to go home right now And all I can taste is this moment And all I can breathe is your life 'Cause sooner or later it's over I just don't want to miss you tonight And I don't want the world to see me 'Cause I don't think that they'd understand When everything's made to be broken I just want you to know who I am And you can't fight the tears that ain't coming Or the moment of truth in your lies When everything feels like the movies And you bleed just to know you're alive And I don't want the world to see me 'Cause I don't think that they'd understand When everything's made to be broken I just want you to know who I am And I don't want the world to see me 'Cause I don't think that they'd understand When everything's made to be broken I just want you to know who I am And I don't want the world to see me 'Cause I don't think that they'd understand When everything's made to be broken I just want you to know who I am I just want you to know who I am I just want you to know who I am I just want you to know who I am 
  All I want is somebody who's gonna love me for me Somebody I can love for them All this money don't mean shit If you ain't got nobody to share it with Love rules the world, you feel me He don't understand you like I do No he'll never make love to you like I do So give it to me Cause I can show you 'bout a real love And I can promise anything that I do Is just to satisfy you When it hurt I ease the pain girl, caress your frame Get them worries off your brain girl, I'm in your corner Do what you want, it's your thing girl, I persist and try but We one in the same girl, it ain't a game So I can't play with you, I wanna lay with you Stay with you, pray with you, grow old and gray with you In good and bad times, we'll always make it through Cause what we got is true, no matter what they say to you I could straight lace you, not just appearance Stimulate your mind, strengthen your spirits Be that voice of reason when you ain't tryna hear it You want it but you fear it, but you love it when you near it Sit her on the sofa, get a little closer Touch you right, do it like a man's suppose to Knew you was the one, that's why I chose you Cause you get down for yours and ride like a soldier He don't understand you like I do No he'll never make love to you like I do So give it to me Cause I can show you 'bout a real love And I can promise anything that I do Is just to satisfy you Your soul ain't a toy, you ain't dealin' with a boy Feel emptiness inside? I can fill that void When you spend time with your woman and listen It shines more than any bagguette diamond can glisten I can't impress you with the cars and the wealth Cause any woman with will and drive can get it herself I'd rather show you it's heartfelt, make your heart melt And prove to you you're more important than anything else Worthwhile, special like my first child When I see your face it's always like the first time Our eyes met, I knew we'd be together in a tri-jet I wanna give you things that I didn't buy yet Hold you, mold you, don't know, let me show you Ain't no tellin' what we could grow to Let it be known, I told you And I'mma be there for whatever you go through, my love's true He don't understand you like I do No he'll never make love to you like I do So give it to me Cause I can show you 'bout a real love And I can promise anything that I do Is just to satisfy you Don't let him sing you a sad song No baby Waiting for love like this too long You don't have to wait, you don't have to wait on him, baby All that you need I can give you You don't have to wait, you don't have to wait on I do, satisfy you You don't have to wait on him I'm the light when you can't see I'm that air when you can't breathe I'm that feeling when you can't leave Some doubt, some believe, some lie, cheat, and deceive So it's only you and me When you weak, I'll make you strong, here's where you belong I ain't perfect, but I promise I won't do you wrong Keep you away from harm, my love is protected I'll wrap you in my arms so you'll never feel neglected I'll just make you aware of what we have is rare In the moment of despair, I'm the courage when you're scared Loyal, down for you, soon as I saw you Wanted to be there cause I could hold it down for you Be around for you, plant seeds in the soil Make love all night, bending bed coils You're a queen, therefore I treat you royal This is all for you, cause I simply adore you He don't understand you like I do No he'll never make love to you like I do So give it to me Cause I can show you 'bout a real love And I can promise anything that I do Is just to satisfy you This one right here goes out to all my sisters 
  In my shoes my toes are busted My kitchen says my bread is molded I got a good job at the dollar store One foot in the hole One foot gettin' deeper With a broken nail and a blown out speaker I ain't got much else to lose I'm faded, flat busted Been jaded, I've been dusted I know that I've seen better days One foot in the hole One foot gettin' deeper Crank it to eleven, blow another speaker And I ain't got, I ain't got much to lose 'Cause I've seen better days I've been the star of many plays I've seen better days And the bottom drops out I've seen better days I've been the star of many plays I've seen better days And the bottom drops out Now, my cup's filled up with five buck wine I find myself here all the time Another rip in the glass Another chip in my tooth Rained on, I've been stained on Found another goat I try to put the blame on And now I'm steppin' on all the cracks So I guess there ain't no use 'Cause I've seen better days I've been the star of many plays I've seen better days And the bottom drops out I've seen better days I've been the star of many plays I've seen better days And the bottom drops out I'm bent like glass Second hand like glory Missed the bus but I'm in no hurry Molasses fast, no business born One foot in the hole One foot gettin' deeper Crank it to eleven, blow another speaker And I ain't got, I ain't got much to lose I've seen better days I've been the star of many plays I've seen better days And the bottom drops out I've seen better days I've been the star of many plays I've seen better days I've seen better days I know that I've seen better days (And the bottom drops out) I've been the star of so many plays (And the bottom drops out) I walked on the edge without a hold whole way (And the bottom drops out) 'Cause I know, I know that I've seen better, better days (And the bottom drops out) 
  You'll never know What you've done for me What your faith in me Has done for my soul And you'll never know the gift you've given me I'll carry it with me Yeah yeah Through the days ahead I'll think of days before You made me hope for something better (yes you did) And made me reach for something more You taught me to run You taught me to fly Helped me to free the me inside Helped me hear the music of my heart Helped me hear the music of my heart You opened my eyes You opened the door To something I'd never known before And your love (love) Is the music of my heart (music of my heart) You were the one Always on my side (always on my side) Always standing by (always standing by) Seeing me through You were the song that always made me sing I'm singing this for you (singing this for you baby) Everywhere I go I'll think of where I've been (think of where I've been) And you're the one who knew me better than anyone ever will again You taught me to run You taught me to fly Helped me to free the me inside Helped me hear the music of my heart Helped me hear the music of my heart You opened my eyes You opened the door (you opened the door) To something I'd never known before (oh oh) And your love (your love) Is the music of my heart What you taught me Only your love could ever teach me You got through when no one else could reach me (baby oh oh oh) 'Cause you always saw in me All the best that I could be It was you who set me free You taught me to run You taught me to fly Helped me to free the me inside (me inside) Helped me hear the music of my heart Helped me hear the music of my heart You taught me to run You taught me to fly Helped me to free the me inside (me inside) Helped me hear the music of my heart (music of my heart) Helped me hear the music of my heart (yeah yeah) You opened my eyes You opened the door (opened the door) To something I'd never known before (never, never, never felt before) And your love Is the music of my heart The music of my heart Music of my heart Is the music of my heart 
  I never saw the end in sight; fools are kind of blind. Thought everything was going alright, but I was running out of time. 'Cause you had one foot out the door, I swear I didn't see But if you're really going away, here's some final words from me. Baby, write this down, take a little note to remind you in case you didn't know, Tell yourself I love you and I don't want you to go, write this down. Take my words, read 'em every day, keep 'em close by, don't you let 'em fade away, So you'll remember what I forgot to say, write this down. I'll sign it at the bottom of the page, I'll swear under oath 'Cause every single word is true, and I think you need to know, So use it as a bookmark, stick it on your 'frigerator door, Hang it in a picture frame up above the mantel where you'll see it for sure. Baby, write this down, take a little note to remind you in case you didn't know, Tell yourself I love you and I don't want you to go, write this down. Take my words, read 'em every day, keep 'em close by, don't you let 'em fade away, So you'll remember what I forgot to say, write this down. You can find a chisel, I can find a stone. Folks will be reading these words, long after we're gone. Baby, write this down, take a little note to remind you in case you didn't know, Tell yourself I love you and I don't want you to go, write this down. Take my words, read 'em every day, keep 'em close by, don't you let 'em fade away, So you'll remember what I forgot to say, write this down. Oh I love you and I don't want you to go, baby write this down. 
  Many nights we prayed With no proof anyone could hear In our hearts a hope for a song We barely understood Now we are not afraid Although we know there's much to fear We were moving mountains Long before we knew we could, whoa, yes There can be miracles When you believe Though hope is frail Its hard to kill Who knows what miracles You can achieve When you believe somehow you will You will when you believe (Mmmmmmmmmyeah) Mmmyeah In this time of fear When prayer so often proves in vain Hope seems like the summer bird Too swiftly flown away Yet now I'm standing here My hearts so full, I can't explain Seeking faith and speakin' words I never thought I'd say There can be miracles When you believe (When you believe) Though hope is frail Its hard to kill (Mmm) Who knows what miracles You can achieve (You can achieve) When you believe somehow you will You will when you believe (Hey) (Ooh) They don't always happen when you ask And its easy to give in to your fears But when you're blinded by your pain Can't see the way, get through the rain A small but still, resilient voice Says hope is very near, oh (Oh) There can be miracles (Miracles) When you believe (Boy, when you believe, yeah) (Though hope is frail) Though hope is frail (Its hard) Its hard to kill (Hard to kill, oh, yeah) Who knows what miracles You can achieve (You can achieve, oh) When you believe somehow you will (Somehow, somehow, somehow) Somehow you will (I know, I know, know) You will when you believe (When you) (Oh oh) (You will when you) (You will when you believe) (Ohoohooh) (Oh, oh) (When you believe) (When you believe) 
  A scrub is a guy that think he's fine And is also known as a buster Always talkin' about what he wants And just sits on his broke ass So (no) I don't want your number (no) I don't want to give you mine and (no) I don't want to meet you nowhere (no) I don't want none of your time and (no) I don't want no scrub A scrub is a guy that can't get no love from me Hanging out the passenger side Of his best friend's ride Trying to holler at me I don't want no scrub A scrub is a guy that can't get no love from me Hanging out the passenger side Of his best friend's ride Trying to holler at me But a scrub is checkin' me But his game is kinda weak And I know that he cannot approach me cause I'm lookin' like class and he's lookin' like trash Can't get wit' no deadbeat ass So (no) I don't want your number (no) I don't want to give you mine and (no) I don't want to meet you nowhere (no) I don't want none of your time (no) I don't want no scrub A scrub is a guy that can't get no love from me Hanging out the passenger side Of his best friend's ride Trying to holler at me I don't want no scrub A scrub is a guy that can't get no love from me Hanging out the passenger side Of his best friend's ride Trying to holler at me If you don't have a car and you're walking Oh yea son I'm talking to you If you live at home wit' your momma Oh yes son I'm talking to you (baby) If you have a shorty but you don't show love Oh yes son I'm talking to you Wanna get with me with no money Oh no I don't want no (oh) No scrub No scrub (no no) No scrub (no no no no no) No scrub (no no) No I don't want no scrub A scrub is a guy that can't get no love from me Hanging out the passenger side Of his best friend's ride Trying to holler at me I don't want no scrub A scrub is a guy that can't get no love from me Hanging out the passenger side Of his best friend's ride Trying to holler at me I don't want no scrub A scrub is a guy that can't get no love from me Hanging out the passenger side Of his best friend's ride Trying to holler at me I don't want no scrub A scrub is a guy that can't get no love from me Hanging out the passenger side Of his best friend's ride Trying to holler at me I don't want no scrub A scrub is a guy that can't get no love from me Hanging out the passenger side Of his best friend's ride Trying to holler at me I don't want no scrub A scrub is a guy that can't get no love from me Hanging out the passenger side Of his best friend's ride Trying to holler at me I don't want no scrub A scrub is a guy that can't get no love from me Hanging out the passenger side Of his best friend's ride Trying to holler at me I don't want no scrub A scrub is a guy that can't get no love from me Hanging out the passenger side Of his best friend's ride Trying to holler at me 
  When I first saw you I already knew There was something inside of you Something I thought that I would never find Angel of mine I look at you looking at me Now I know why they say the best things are free Gonna love you boy you are so fine Angel of mine How you changed my world you'll never know I'm different now, you helped me grow You came into my life Sent from above When I lost all hope You showed me love I'm checkin' for you Boy you're right on time Angel of mine Nothing means more to me then what we share No one in this whole world can ever compare Last night the way you moved is still on my mind Angel of mine What you mean to me you'll never know Deep inside I need to show You came into my life Sent from above When I lost all hope You showed me love I'm checkin' for you Boy you're right on time Angel of mine I never knew I could feel each moment As if they were new Every breath that I take The love that we make I only share it with you You, you, you, you When I first saw you I already knew There was something inside of you Something I thought that I would never find Angel of mine You came into my life Sent from above When I lost all hope You showed me love I'm checkin' for you Boy you're right on time Angel of mine How you changed my world you'll never know I'm different you helped me grow I look at you looking at me Now I know why they say the best things are free Checkin' for you boy your right on time Angel of mine 
  This is the heartbreak hotel This is the heartbreak hotel This is the heartbreak hotel This is the heartbreak hotel This is the heartbreak hotel This is the heartbreak hotel This is the heartbreak hotel This is the heartbreak hotel You said you'd be here by nine Instead you took your time You didn't think to call me boy Here I sit trying not to cry Asking myself why You'd do this to me Since you're not around for me to tell you baby, face to face I'm writing you this letter, and this is what I have to say: All I really wanted was some of your time Instead you told me lies When someone else was on your mind What you do to me Look what you did to me I thought that you were someone who would do me right Until you played with my emotions and you made me cry What you do to me Can't take what you did to me Now I see that you've been doing wrong You played me all along And made a fool of me, baby You got it all wrong to think that I wouldn't find out That you were cheating on me How could you do it to me Since you're not around for me to tell you baby, face to face I'm writing you this letter, and this is what I have to say: All I really wanted was some of your time Instead you told me lies When someone else was on your mind What you do to me Look what you did to me I thought that you were someone who would do me right Until you played with my emotions and you made me cry What you do to me Can't take what you did to me Heartbreak hotel This is the heartbreak hotel This is the heartbreak hotel This is the heartbreak hotel This is the heartbreak hotel This is the heartbreak hotel This is the heartbreak hotel This is the heartbreak hotel All I really wanted was some of your time Instead you told me lies When someone else was on your mind What you do to me Look what you did to me I thought that you were someone who would do me right Until you played with my emotions and you made me cry What you do to me Can't take what you did to me All I really wanted was some of your time Instead you told me lies When someone else was on your mind What you do to me Look what you did to me I thought that you were someone who would do me right Until you played with my emotions and you made me cry What you do to me Can't take what you did to me I ain't gonna, I ain't gonna take it no more I ain't gonna take it no more I ain't gonna take it no more Everything that you said was a lie Don't lie to me Tell me what it is and I will be alright 
  Oh baby, baby Oh baby, baby Oh baby, baby, how was I supposed to know That something wasn't right here Oh baby, baby, I shouldn't have let you go And now you're out of sight, yeah Show me how want it to be Tell me baby 'cause I need to know now, oh because My loneliness is killing me (and I) I must confess I still believe (still believe) When I'm not with you I lose my mind Give me a sign Hit me baby one more time Oh baby, baby The reason I breathe is you Boy you got me blinded Oh pretty baby There's nothing that I wouldn't do It's not the way I planned it Show me how you want it to be Tell me baby 'cause I need to know now, oh because My loneliness is killing me (and I) I must confess I still believe (still believe) When I'm not with you I lose my mind Give me a sign Hit me baby one more time Oh baby, baby Oh baby, baby Yeah, Oh baby, baby how was I supposed to know Oh pretty baby, I shouldn't have let you go I must confess, that my loneliness is killing me now Don't you know I still believe That you will be here And give me a sign Hit me baby one more time My loneliness is killing me (and I) I must confess I still believe (still believe) When I'm not with you I lose my mind Give me a sign Hit me baby one more time I must confess, that my loneliness is killing me now Don't you know I still believe That you will be here And give me a sign Hit me baby one more time 
  Kiss me out of the bearded barley Nightly, beside the green, green grass Swing, swing, swing the spinning step You'll wear those shoes and I will wear that dress Oh, kiss me beneath the milky twilight Lead me out on the moonlit floor Lift you open hand Strike up the band, and make the fireflies dance silvermoon's sparkling So kiss me Kiss me down by the broken tree house Swing me, upon its hanging tire Bring, bring, bring your flowered hat We'll take the trail marked on your father's map Oh, kiss me beneath the milky twilight Lead me out on the moonlit floor Lift you open hand Strike up the band, and make the fireflies dance silvermoon's sparkling So kiss me kiss me beneath the milky twilight Lead me out on the moonlit floor Lift you open hand Strike up the band, and make the fireflies dance silvermoon's sparkling So kiss me So kiss me So kiss me So kiss me 
  I feel like I've been locked up tight For a century of lonely nights Waiting for someone to release me You're lickin' your lips And blowing kisses my way But that don't mean I'm gonna give it away Baby, baby, baby (Baby baby baby) Ooh, my body's sayin' let's go Ooh, but my heart is sayin' no If you wanna be with me Baby there's a price to pay I'm a genie in a bottle You gotta rub me the right way If you wanna be with me I can make your wish come true You gotta make a big impression (Oh yeah) Gotta like what you do (I'm a genie in a bottle baby Gotta rub me the right way honey I'm a genie in a bottle baby Come come, come on and let me out) The music's fading and the lights down low Just one more dance and then we're good to go Waiting for someone Who needs me Hormones racing at the speed of light But that don't mean it's gotta be tonight Baby, baby, baby (Baby baby baby) Ooh, my body's sayin' let's go Ooh, but my heart is sayin' no (but my heart is sayin' no) If you wanna be with me Baby there's a price to pay I'm a genie in a bottle (I'm a genie in a bottle) You gotta rub me the right way If you wanna be with me (Oh) I can make your wish come true (Your wish come true oh) Just come and set me free baby And I'll be with you (I'm a genie in a bottle baby Gotta rub me the right way honey I'm a genie in a bottle baby Come come, come on and let me out) I'm a genie in a bottle baby Gotta rub me the right way honey (If you wanna be with me) I'm a genie in a bottle baby Come come, come on and let me out Ooh, my body's sayin' lets go Ooh, but my heart is sayin' no If you wanna be with me Baby there's a price to pay I'm a genie in a bottle (I'm a genie in a bottle) You gotta rub me the right way If you wanna be with me I can make your wish come true Just come and set me free, baby And I'll be with you If you wanna be with me Baby there's a price to pay I'm a genie in a bottle (In a bottle baby) You gotta rub me the right way If you wanna be with me (If you wanna be with me) I can make your wish come true Just come and set me free baby And I'll be with you I'm a genie in a bottle baby Come come, come on and let me out 
  Every morning there's a halo hangin From the corner of my girlfriend's four post bed I know it's not mine but I'll see if I can use it for The weekend or a one-night stand Couldn't understand How to work it out Once again as predicted left my broken heart open And you ripped it out Something's got me reeling Stopped me from believing Turn me around again Said that we can do it Why'know I want to do it again (Sugar Ray say) Oh (Every Morning) Oh (Every Morning when I wake up) (Shut the door baby, don't say a word) Oh (She always rights wrongs, she always rights) (Shut the door baby, Shut the door baby) Every Morning there's a heartache hanging From the corner of my girlfriend's four-post bed I know it's not mine and I know she thinks she loves me But I never can believe what she said Something so deceiving When you stop believing Turn me around again Said we couldn't do it Ya know I want to do it again Oh (Every Morning) Oh (Every Morning when I wake up) (Shut the door baby, don't say a word) Oh (Every Morning) Oh (Every Morning when I wake up) (Shut the door baby, shut the door baby) She always rights the wrongs For me Baby She always rights the wrongs For me Every Morning there's a halo hanging From the corner of my girlfriends four-post bed I know it's not mine but I'll see if I can use it for The weekend or a one-night stand (Shut the door baby, don't say a word) Every Morning Every Morning when I wake up (Shut the door baby, shut the door Ray) Every Morning Every Morning (Turn me around again) (Shut the door baby, don't say a word) Every Morning Every Morning 
  How did you get in Nobody's supposed to be here I've tried that love thing for the last time My heart says no, no Nobody's supposed to be here But you came along and changed my mind I've spent all my life On a search to find The love who'll stay for eternity The heaven sent to fulfill my needs But when I turned around Again love has knocked me down My heart got broken Oh it hurt so bad I'm sad to say love wins again So I place my heart under lock and key To take some time and take care of me But I turn around and you're staying here How did you get in Nobody's supposed to be here I've tried that love thing for the last time My heart says no, no Nobody's supposed to be here, (nobody's supposed to be here) But you came along and changed my mind This time I swear I'm through But if only you knew How many times I've said those words Then fall again when will I ever learn Knowing these tears I've cried This lovely black butterfly Must take a chance and spread my wings Love can make you do some crazy things So I place my heart under lock and key To take some time and take care of me But I turn around and you're standing here Standing here Shoo do doop Nobody's supposed to be here Nobody No no no no No no no no How did you get in Nobody's supposed to be here I've tried that love thing for the last time My heart says no, no Nobody's supposed to be here But you came along and you changed my mind 
  She's into superstitions Black cats and voodoo dolls I feel a premonition That girl's gonna make me fall She's into new sensation New kicks in the candlelight She's got a new addiction For every day and night She'll make you take your Clothes off and go dancing in the rain She'll make you live her crazy life But she'll take away your pain Like a bullet to your brain Upside inside out She's livin' la vida loca She'll push and pull you down Livin' la vida loca Her lips are devil red And her skin's the color of mocha She will wear you out Livin' la vida loca She's livin la vida loca Woke up in New York City In a funky cheap hotel She took my heart And she took my money She must've slipped me a sleepin' pill She never drinks the water And makes you order French champagne Once you've has a taste of her You'll never be the same Yeah, she'll make you go insane Upside inside out She's livin' la vida loca She'll push and pull you down Livin' la vida loca Her lips are devil red And her skin's the color of mocha She will wear you out Livin' la vida loca She's livin la vida loca She'll make you take your Clothes off and go dancing in the rain She'll make you live her crazy life Until you go insane No, you'll never be the same Upside inside out She's livin' la vida loca She'll push and pull you down Livin' la vida loca Her lips are devil red And her skin's the color of mocha She will wear you out Livin' la vida loca Livin' la vida loca Livin' la vida loca Livin' la vida loca Upside inside out She's livin' la vida loca She'll push and pull you down Livin' la vida loca Her lips are devil red And her skin's the color of mocha She will wear you out Livin' la vida loca Livin' la vida loca Livin' la vida loca Livin' la vida loca 
  See he's my property And any girl that touch I might just call your bluff 'Cause I don't give a fuck Who are you to call my cell Oh I'ma wish you well 'Cause any girl that tried has fell Where my girls at From the front to back Well is you feelin' that Put one hand up Can you repeat that Tryin' to take my man See I don't need that So don't play yourself Where my girls at From the front to back Well is you feelin' that Put one hand up Can you repeat that Tryin' to take my man See I don't need that Hey, hey, hey, hey Don't you violate me 'Cause I'ma make ya hate me If you decide to mess with mine Shrunk you down to size Make ya realize You done messed up this time You must learn the rules Don't come close to Anything that belongs to me He is my My property So you must leave (Repeat till end) 
  If you had my love and I gave you all my trust would you comfort me And if somehow you knew that your love would be untrue would you lie to me And call me baby Now if I give you me, this is how it's got to be First of all I won't take your cheating on me Tell me who can I trust if I can't trust in you And I refuse to let you play me for a fool You said that we could possibly spend eternity See, that's what you told me, that's what you said But if you want me you'll have to be fulfilling all my dreams If you really want me baby If you had my love and I gave you all my trust would you comfort me Tell me baby And if somehow you knew that your love would be untrue would you lie to me And call me baby You say you want my love and you got to have it all But first there are some things you need to know If you wanna live with all I have to give I need to feel true love or it's got to end, yeah I don't want you tryin' to get with me and I end up unhappy I don't need the hurt and I don't need the pain So before I do give myself to you I have to know the truth If I spend my life with you If you had my love and I gave you all my trust would you comfort me What would you do babe, tell me right now And if somehow you knew that your love would be untrue would you lie to me And call me baby Don't you lie to me If you had my love and I gave you all my trust would you comfort me Tell me baby And if somehow you knew that your love would be untrue would you lie to me And call me baby (don't you lie to me, baby) If you had my love and I gave you all my trust would you comfort me Tell me baby And if somehow you knew that your love would be untrue would you lie to me And call me baby If you had my love and I gave you all my trust would you comfort me And if somehow you knew that your love would be untrue would you lie to me And call me baby If you had my love and I gave you all my trust would you comfort me And if somehow you knew that your love would be untrue would you lie to me 
  Could you whisper in my ear The things you wanna feel I'd give you anythin' To feel it comin' Do you wake up on your own And wonder where you are? You live with all your faults I wanna wake up where you are I won't say anything at all So why don't you slide Yeah, I'm gonna let it slide Don't you love the life you killed? The priest is on the phone Your father hit the wall Your ma disowned you Don't supposed I'll ever know What it means to be a man It's somethin' I can't change I'll live around it I wanna wake up where you are I won't say anything at all So why don't you slide Ooh, slide And I'll do anythin' you ever dreamed to be complete Little pieces of the nothin' that fall Oh, May Put your arms around me What you feel is what you are And what you are is beautiful Oh, May Do you wanna get married Or run away? And I'll do anythin' you ever dreamed to be complete Little pieces of the nothin' that fall Oh, May Put your arms around me What you feel is what you are And what you are is beautiful Oh, May Do you wanna get married Or run away? I wanna wake up where you are I won't say anything And I'll do anythin' you ever dreamed to be complete (Yeah, slide) Little pieces of the nothin' that fall (yeah slide) And I'll do anythin' you ever dreamed to be complete (Yeah slide) Little pieces of the nothin' that fall (Oh, oh slide) Yeah, slide between the sheets of all them beds you never knew (Yeah slide) Why don't you slide into my room Just slide into my room Oh, we'll run away, run away, run away 
  Have you ever loved somebody so much It makes you cry Have you ever needed something so bad You can't sleep at night Have you ever tried to find the words But they don't come out right Have you ever, have you ever Have you ever been in love Been in love so bad You'd do anything to make them understand Have you ever had someone steal your heart away You'd give anything to make them feel the same Have you ever searched for words to get you in their heart But you don't know what to say And you don't know where to start Have you ever loved somebody so much It makes you cry Have you ever needed something so bad You can't sleep at night Have you ever tried to find the words But they don't come out right Have you ever, have you ever Have you ever found the one You've dreamed of all of your life Just about anything to look into their eyes Have you finally found the one you've given your heart to Only to find that one won't give their heart to you Have you ever closed your eyes and Dreamed that they were there And all you can do is wait for the day when they will care Have you ever loved somebody so much It makes you cry Have you ever needed something so bad You can't sleep at night Have you ever tried to find the words But they don't come out right Have you ever, have you ever What do I gotta do to get you in my arms baby What do I gotta say to get your heart To make you understand how I need you next to me Gotta get you in my world Cause baby I can't sleep Have you ever loved somebody so much It makes you cry Have you ever needed something so bad You can't sleep at night Have you ever tried to find the words But they don't come out right Have you ever, have you ever 
  Yeah-eh-heah You are, my fire, The one, desire, Believe, when I say I want it that way But we, are two worlds apart, Can't reach to your heart, When you say, That I want it that way Tell me why, Ain't nothin' but a heartache, Tell me why, Ain't nothin' but a mistake, Tell me why, I never want to hear you say, I want it that way Am I, your fire? Your one, desire, Yes I know, it's too late, But I want it that way Tell me why, Ain't nothin' but a heartache, Tell me why, Ain't nothin' but a mistake, Tell me why, I never want to hear you say, I want it that way Now I can see that we've fallen apart, From the way that it used to be, Yeah, No matter the distance, I want you to know, That deep down inside of me You are, my fire, The one, desire, You are (You are, you are, you are) Don't want to hear you say, Ain't nothin' but a heartache, Ain't nothin' but a mistake, (Don't want to hear you say), I never want to hear you say, I want it that way Tell me why, Ain't nothin' but a heartache, Tell me why, Ain't nothin' but a mistake, Tell me why, I never want to hear you say, I want it that way Tell me why, Ain't nothin' but a heartache, Ain't nothin' but a mistake, Tell me why, I never want to hear you say, (Never want to hear you say it), I want it that way 'Cause I want it that way 
  [Celine Dion] No mountain's too high for you to climb All you have to do is have some climbing faith No river's too wide for you to make it across All you have to do is believe it when you pray [R Kelly] And then you will see the morning will come and everyday will be bright as the sun All of your fears cast them on me I just want you to see [Chorus: Celine Dion & R. Kelly] I'll be your cloud up in the sky I'll be your shoulder when you cry I hear your voices when you call me I am your Angel, And when all hope is gone, I'm here No matter how far you are, I'm near It makes no difference who you are I am your Angel, I'm your Angel [R Kelly] I saw your tear drops and I heard you cry All you need is time, seek me and you shall find You have everything and you're still lonely It don't have to be this way Let me show you a better day [Celine Dion] And then you will see, the morning will come And all of your days will be bright as the sun So all of your fears just cast them on me How can I make you see [Chorus] [R Kelly] And when it's time to face the storm [Celine Dion] I'll be right by your side [R Kelly] Grace will keep us safe and warm And I know we will survive [Celine Dion] And when it seems as if your end is drawing near (end is drawing near) Don't you dare give up the fight Just put your trust beyond the skies [Chorus: Repeats] 
  Somebody once told me the world is gonna roll me I ain't the sharpest tool in the shed She was looking kind of dumb with her finger and her thumb In the shape of an "L" on her forehead Well the years start coming and they don't stop coming Fed to the rules and I hit the ground running Didn't make sense not to live for fun Your brain gets smart but your head gets dumb So much to do, so much to see So what's wrong with taking the back streets? You'll never know if you don't go You'll never shine if you don't glow Hey now, you're an all-star, get your game on, go play Hey now, you're a rock star, get the show on, get paid And all that glitters is gold Only shooting stars break the mold It's a cool place and they say it gets colder You're bundled up now, wait till you get older But the meteor men beg to differ Judging by the hole in the satellite picture The ice we skate is getting pretty thin The water's getting warm so you might as well swim My world's on fire, how about yours? That's the way I like it and I never get bored Hey now, you're an all-star, get your game on, go play Hey now, you're a rock star, get the show on, get paid All that glitters is gold Only shooting stars break the mold Hey now, you're an all-star, get your game on, go play Hey now, you're a rock star, get the show, on get paid And all that glitters is gold Only shooting stars Somebody once asked could I spare some change for gas? I need to get myself away from this place I said yep what a concept I could use a little fuel myself And we could all use a little change Well, the years start coming and they don't stop coming Fed to the rules and I hit the ground running Didn't make sense not to live for fun Your brain gets smart but your head gets dumb So much to do, so much to see So what's wrong with taking the back streets? You'll never know if you don't go (go!) You'll never shine if you don't glow Hey now, you're an all-star, get your game on, go play Hey now, you're a rock star, get the show on, get paid And all that glitters is gold Only shooting stars break the mold And all that glitters is gold Only shooting stars break the mold 
  Spend all your time waiting For that second chance For a break that would make it okay There's always some reason To feel not good enough And it's hard at the end of the day I need some distraction Or a beautiful release Memories seep from my veins Let me be empty Oh and weightless and maybe I'll find some peace tonight In the arms of the angel Fly away from here From this dark cold hotel room And the endlessness that you fear You are pulled from the wreckage Of your silent reverie You're in the arms of the angel May you find some comfort here So tired of the straight line And everywhere you turn There's vultures and thieves at your back The storm keeps on twisting Keep on building the lies That you make up for all that you lack It don't make no difference Escaping one last time It's easier to believe In this sweet madness Oh this glorious sadness That brings me to my knees In the arms of the angel Fly away from here From this dark cold hotel room And the endlessness that you fear You are pulled from the wreckage Of your silent reverie You're in the arms of the angel May you find some comfort here You're in the arms of the angel May you find some comfort here 
  Man, it's a hot one Like seven inches from the midday sun Well, I hear you whispering in the words, to melt everyone But you stay so cool My muñequita, my Spanish Harlem, Mona Lisa You're my reason for reason The step in my groove And if you said this life ain't good enough I would give my world to lift you up I could change my life to better suit your mood Because you're so smooth And it's just like the ocean under the moon Oh, it's the same as the emotion that I get from you You got the kind of lovin' that can be so smooth, yeah Give me your heart, make it real or else forget about it But I'll tell you one thing If you would leave it would be a crying shame In every breath and every word I hear your name calling me out Out from the barrio You hear my rhythm on your radio You feel the turning of the world, so soft and slow It's turning you round and round And if you said this life ain't good enough I would give my world to lift you up I could change my life to better suit your mood Because you're so smooth And it's just like the ocean under the moon Oh, it's the same as the emotion that I get from you You got the kind of lovin' that can be so smooth, yeah Give me your heart, make it real or else forget about it And it's just like the ocean under the moon Oh, it's the same as the emotion that I get from you You got the kind of lovin' that can be so smooth, yeah Give me your heart, make it real or else forget about it Or else forget about it Or else forget about it Let's not forget about it Give me your heart, make it real Let's not forget about it Let's not forget about it Let's not forget about it Let's not forget about it Let's not forget about it 
  I wish I could tie you up in my shoes Make you feel unpretty too I was told I was beautiful But what does that mean to you? Look into the mirror who's inside there The one with the long hair Same old me again today (yeah) My outsides look cool My insides are blue Every time I think I'm through It's because of you I've tried different ways But it's all the same At the end of the day I have myself to blame I'm just trippin' You can buy your hair if it won't grow You can fix your nose if he says so You can buy all the make up that M.A.C. can make But if you can't look inside you Find out who am I to Be in the position to make me feel so Damn unpretty (Yeah) I'll make you feel unpretty too Never insecure until I met you Now I'm bein' stupid I used to be so cute to me Just a little bit skinny Why do I look to all these things To keep you happy Maybe get rid of you and then I'll get back to me (hey) My outsides look cool My insides are blue Every time I think I'm through It's because of you I've tried different ways but it's all the same At the end of the day I have myself to blame Believe I'm trippin' yeah You can buy your hair if it won't grow You can fix your nose if he says so You can buy all the make up that M.A.C. can make But if you can't look inside you Find out who am I to Be in the position to make me feel so Damn unpretty You can buy your hair if it won't grow You can fix your nose if he says so You can buy all the make up that M.A.C. can make But if you can't look inside you Find out who am I to Be in the position to make me feel so Damn unpretty I'll make you feel unpretty too I'll make you feel unpretty Oh oh, oh oh oh Oh oh, oh oh oh Oh oh, oh oh oh Oh oh, oh oh oh You can buy your hair if it won't grow You can fix your nose if he says so You can buy all the make up that M.A.C. can make But if you can't look inside you Find out who am I to Be in the position to make me feel so Damn unpretty You can buy your hair if it won't grow You can buy all the make up that M.A.C. can make But if you can't look inside you Be in the position to make me feel so You can buy your hair if it won't grow 
  At first we started out real cool Taking me places I ain't never been But now, you're getting comfortable Ain't doing those things you did no more You're slowly making me pay for Things your money should be handling And now you ask to use my car Drive it all day and don't fill up the tank And you have the audacity to even come and step to me Ask to hold some money from me until You get your check next week You trifling (Good for nothing type of brother) Silly me (Why haven't I found another) (A baller), when times get hard need someone to help me out (Instead of) a scrub like you who don't know what a man's about Can you pay my bills Can you pay my telephone bills Can you pay my automo-bills If you did then maybe we could chill I don't think you do So, you and me are through Can you pay my bills Can you pay my telephone bills Can you pay my automo-bills If you did then maybe we could chill I don't think you do So, you and me are through Now you've been maxing out my cards Giving me bad credit buying me gifts with my Own ends Haven't paid the first bill But you're steady heading to the mall Going on shopping sprees perpetrating to your friends that you be balling And then you use my cell phone Calling whoever that you think at home And then when the bill comes all of a sudden you be acting dumb Don't know where none of these calls come from When your mama's number's here more than once You trifling (Good for nothing type of brother) Silly me (Why haven't I found another) (A baller), when times get hard need someone to help me out (Instead of) a scrub like you who don't know what a man's about Can you pay my bills Can you pay my telephone bills Can you pay my automo-bills If you did then maybe we could chill I don't think you do So, you and me are through Can you pay my bills Can you pay my telephone bills Can you pay my automo-bills If you did then maybe we could chill I don't think you do So, you and me are through (You trifling, good for nothing type of brother) (Oh silly me, why haven't I found another) (You trifling, good for nothing type of brother) (Oh silly me, why haven't I found another) (You trifling, good for nothing type of brother) (Oh silly me, why haven't I found another) (You trifling, good for nothing type of brother) (Oh silly me, why haven't I found another) Can you pay my bills Can you pay my telephone bills Can you pay my automo-bills If you did then maybe we could chill I don't think you do So, you and me are through Can you pay my bills Can you pay my telephone bills Can you pay my automo-bills If you did then maybe we could chill I don't think you do So, you and me are through Can you pay my bills Can you pay my telephone bills Can you pay my automo-bills If you did then maybe we could chill I don't think you do So, you and me are through Can you pay my bills Can you pay my telephone bills Can you pay my automo-bills If you did then maybe we could chill I don't think you do So, you and me are through 
  Go on and close the curtains 'Cause all we need is candlelight You and me, and a bottle of wine To hold you tonight (oh) Well we know I'm going away And how I wish, I wish it weren't so So take this wine and drink with me And let's delay our misery Save tonight and fight the break of dawn Come tomorrow, tomorrow I'll be gone Save tonight and fight the break of dawn Come tomorrow, tomorrow I'll be gone There's a log on the fire And it burns like me for you Tomorrow comes with one desire To take me away (oh it's true) It ain't easy to say goodbye Darlin' please, don't start to cry 'Cause girl you know I've got to go (oh) And Lord I wish it wasn't so Save tonight and fight the break of dawn Come tomorrow, tomorrow I'll be gone Save tonight and fight the break of dawn Come tomorrow, tomorrow I'll be gone Tomorrow comes to take me away I wish that I, that I could stay But girl you know I've got to go (oh) And Lord I wish wasn't so Save tonight and fight the break of dawn Come tomorrow, tomorrow I'll be gone Save tonight and fight the break of dawn Come tomorrow, tomorrow I'll be gone Save tonight and fight the break of dawn Come tomorrow, tomorrow I'll be gone Save tonight and fight the break of dawn Come tomorrow, tomorrow I'll be gone Tomorrow I'll be gone Tomorrow I'll be gone Tomorrow I'll be gone Tomorrow I'll be gone Save tonight Save tonight Save tonight Save tonight Oh, that's right Save tonight Save tonight 
  Oh, where oh where can my baby be? The Lord took her away from me She's gone to heaven, so I got to be good So I can see my baby when I leave this world We were out on a date in my daddy's car We hadn't driven very far There in the road, up straight ahead A car was stalled, the engine was dead I couldn't stop, so I swerved to the right I'll never forget the sound that night The screamin' tires, the bustin' glass The painful scream that I heard last Oh, where oh where can my baby be? The Lord took her away from me She's gone to heaven, so I got to be good So I can see my baby when I leave this world When I woke up, the rain was pourin' down There were people standing all around Something warm runnin' in my eyes But somehow I found my baby that night I lifted her head, she looked at me and said "Hold me darling just a little while." I held her close, I kissed her our last kiss I found the love that I knew I would miss But now she's gone, even though I hold her tight I lost my love, my life that night Oh, where oh where can my baby be? The Lord took her away from me She's gone to heaven, so I got to be good So I can see my baby when I leave this world Ooh ooh Ooh ooh Ooh ooh Ooh ooh Oh ooh! Oh ooh! Oh ooh! Oh 
  Oh Never seen a sunshine like this Never seen the moon glow like this Never seen the waterfalls like this Never seen the lights off like this Never dug anyone like this Never had tasty lips to kiss Never had someone to miss Never heard a song quite like this Fortunate, to have you girl I'm so glad, you're in my world Just as sure, as the sky is blue I bless the day, that I found you Never had room service all night Never took a trip first class flight Never had a love affair so tight I never felt a feeling so right Never seen a winter so white Never had words to recite Never had a flame to ignite And I never sang a song with all my might Fortunate, to have you girl I'm so glad, you're in my world Just as sure, as the sky is blue I bless the day, that I found you Fortunate, to have you girl I'm so glad, you're in my world Just as sure, as the sky is blue I bless the day, that I found you Can you hear the silence shout? (Silence shouts, I hope you hear, I'm calling out to your body) I'm calling out (Baby you know just what to do, close the door, no interviews) Put your hands together now Fortunate, to have you girl I'm so glad, you're in my world Just as sure, as the sky is blue I bless the day, that I found you Fortunate, to have you girl I'm so glad, you're in my world Just as sure, as the sky is blue I bless the day, that I found you 
  I don't know what he does to make you cry But I'll be there to make you smile I don't have a fancy car To get to you I'd walk a thousand miles I don't care if he buys you nice things Does his gifts come from the heart, I don't know But if you were my girl I'd make it so we'd never be apart But my love is all I have to give Without you I don't think I can live I wish I could give the world to you But love is all I have to give When you talk, does it seem like he's not Even listening to a word you say? That's okay babe, just tell me your problems I'll try my best to kiss them all away Does he leave when you need him the most? Does his friends get all your time? Baby please, I'm on my knees Praying for the day that you'll be mine! But my love is all I have to give Without you I don't think I can live I wish I could give the world to you But love is all I have to give To you, hey girl Hey girl, I don't want you to cry no more inside All the money in the world Could never add up to all the love I have inside I Love You And I will give it to you All I can give, all I can give Everything I have is for you My love is all I have to give My love is all I have to give Without you I don't think I can live I wish I could give the world to you But love is all I have to give But my love is all I have to give Without you I don't think I can live I wish I could give the world to you But love is all I have to give, to you I have to give Without you I don't think I can live Give the world to you But love is all I have to give But my love is all I have to give Without you I don't think I can live I wish I could give the world to you But love is all I have to give, to you 
  (Esta noche bailamos) (Te doy toda mi vida) (Quédate conmigo) Tonight we dance I leave my life, in your hands We take the floor Nothing is forbidden anymore Don't let the world dim my sight Don't let a moment go by Nothing can stop us tonight Bailamos, let the rhythm take you over Bailamos Te quiero amor mío, bailamos Gonna live this night forever Bailamos Te quiero amor mío, te quiero Tonight I'm yours We can make it happen I'm so sure Now I'm letting go There is something I think you should know I won't be leaving your side We're gonna dance through the night I'm gonna reach for the stars Bailamos, let the rhythm take you over Bailamos Te quiero amor mío, bailamos Gonna live this night forever Bailamos Te quiero amor mío, te quiero (Whoa, oh oh oh) tonight we dance (Whoa, oh oh oh) like no tomorrow (Whoa oh oh oh) if you will stay with me Te quiero, mi amor (Quédate conmigo) (Esta noche) Bailamos, let the rhythm take you over Bailamos Te quiero amor mío, bailamos Gonna live this night forever Bailamos Te quiero amor mío Bailamos, let the rhythm take you over Bailamos Te quiero amor mío, bailamos Gonna live this night forever Bailamos Te quiero amor mío 
  Ah ah Ah ah Ah, ah, c'mon Ah, ah, ah uh uh-uh Uh ah Yeah, Busta Rhymes Janet Jackson, here we go, one time! Baby just tell me just how you feel (how you feel) We living it I'm just giving it to you real, baby c'mon Every time we crossing the borderline Be giving it to you making you feel fine, turn the heat up Better believe we gon' shine, make your body wind Baby the pleasure is all mine, to my people Who be regulating the dance floor (dance floor) Better step to your business and handle yours, how we do it? Making your people just wanna bounce and get busy Because you know that we always'll hit you off, what you say? You wondering why you feeling the force (force force) And don't you worry cause yo we ready to floss (floss floss) Mohicans'll always a put you on And blow the spot til the very second I'm gone, get your groove on Now that you tired I hope your body recouping Because we keeping you moving that's what we doing and you know we're Gonna make gonna make gonna make your body wet (Yeah, yeah, gonna make your body wet) Gonna make gonna make your body scream again (Yeah yeah, make your body just scream out yeah yeah) Gonna make gonna make you think of naughty things (Ha ha, make you think of naughty things) Like me on you (or me on you) and you on me (yeah, what it's gon' be?) What's it gonna be?! Gonna make gonna make gonna make your body wet (Ah, ah, ah, make your body wet, c'mon) Gonna make gonna make your body scream again (Haha, make your body scream yeah yeah, yeah yeah!) Gonna make gonna make gonna make your body cream (Make your body cream) Make you have wet dreams (make you have wet dreams) What what what, what's it gonna be?! What what, what, party people Seeing you waving your hand high Hot shit, burning you making your ass fry, baby c'mon Give you the shit what that make you quiver while I deliver The shit that'll hit you right in your live Always SoundScan'n, we never leaving you hanging I'm always doing my thang and my music always be banging, so check it You know we be always moving the crowd (crowd) Type of feeling that make you wanna go play it loud (loud) what up? When, we, come and hit you Best believe, we really gon' get you Light up whatever you wanna flaunt 'Cause we be dippin it baby, so what you want? Here we go Painting the picture we keep it hot in the winter Now big up my people you know I'm always wit'cha, Flipmode! We blowing and taking over the planet, full blast Hitting with Busta Rhymes and Janet and you know we're gonna Gonna make gonna make gonna make your body wet (Yeah, yeah, gonna make your body wet) Gonna make gonna make your body scream again (Yeah yeah, make your body just scream out yeah yeah) Gonna make gonna make you think of naughty things (Ha ha, make you think of naughty things) Like me on you (or me on you) and you on me (yeah, what it's gon' be?) What's it gonna be?! Gonna make gonna make gonna make your body wet (Ah ah, yeah, we gonna make your body wet) Gonna make gonna make your body scream again (Ha ha, gonna make your body scream out yeah yeah!) Gonna make gonna make gonna make your body cream (Yeah! Hah, gonna make your body cream) Make you have wet dreams (make you have wet dreams) What what what, what's it gonna be?! What, what, what.. what what? We gonna make your body feel wet (wet) We gonna make your body say yeah (yeah!) I wanna know where my road dawgs is it I wanna know where my live women is at, where you at? We gonna make your body feel wet (wet) We gonna make your body say yeah (Yeah!) Now everybody wave your hand real high, real high And let me see you all put em up in the sky - c'mon Makin my niggaz just say HO, word up And makin you women just say AH, baby c'mon Bringin it to you in many ways We makin and takin you people right through another phase, c'mon We rocking it baby that's how we dropping it baby There ain't no stopping it baby I know we driving you crazy And then we hit with the greatest of all times - times times No matter what you do baby, we gon' shine and you know we're gonna Gonna make gonna make gonna make your body wet (Yeah, yeah, gonna make your body wet) Gonna make gonna make your body scream again (Yeah yeah, make your body just scream out yeah yeah) Gonna make gonna make you think of naughty things (Ha ha, make you think of naughty things) Like me on you (or me on you) and you on me (yeah, what it's gon' be?) What's it gonna be?! Gonna make gonna make gonna make your body wet (Hah, yeah, we gonna make your body wet) Gonna make gonna make your body scream again (Hah, we gonna make your body scream out yeah yeah!) Gonna make gonna make gonna make your body cream (Yeah! Hah, gonna make your body cream) Make you have wet dreams (make you have wet dreams) What what what, what's it gonna be?! (What, what, what, what it's gon' be?) Gonna make gonna make gonna make your body wet (Yeah, yeah, gonna make your body wet) Gonna make gonna make your body scream again (Yeah yeah, make your body just scream out yeah yeah) Gonna make gonna make you think of naughty things (Ha ha, make you think of naughty things) Like me on you (or me on you) and you on me (yeah, what it's gon' be?) What's it gonna be?! Gonna make gonna make gonna make your body wet (Ah, yeah, gonna make your body real wet girl) Gonna make gonna make your body scream again (Haha, gonna make your body scream out yeah yeah!) Gonna make gonna make gonna make your body cream (Yeah! Gonna make your body cream) Make you have wet dreams (make you have wet dreams) What what what, what's it gonna be?! (What what what, wha-what what what?!) Gonna make gonna make gonna make your body wet (Haha, gonna make your body wet girl) Gonna make gonna make your body scream again (Yeah, gonna make your body scream out yeah yeah) Gonna make gonna make you think of naughty things (Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! You gon' think of naughty things) Like me on you (like me on you) and you on me What's it gonna be?! (what it's gon' be?) Gonna make gonna make gonna make your body wet (Hah, gonna make your body real wet) Gonna make gonna make your body scream again (Yeah, gonna make your body scream out yeah yeah!) Gonna make gonna make gonna make your body cream (Yeah! Gonna make your body cream) Make you have wet dreams (make you have wet dreams) What what what, what's it gonna be?! What wha-what, what, what what it's gon' be?! Busta Rhymes, and Janet Jackson Finally Flipmode baby what? Yeah yeah, what it's gonna be? What it's gon' be?! What it's gon' be?! What's it gonna be?! What what what, wha-what what?! Yeah Uh uh uh, ah ah, ah ah, ah, ah-ah Close the door nigga (yes!) 
